Trump Praises Military for Killing Legacy Al-Qaeda Operative in Yemen
Jordan explained why conservatives support the Goodlatte immigration bill, saying:
The donors got a briefing on the delegate process from Ben Ginsberg, a GOP lawyer who is perhaps the leading expert on the convention rules.
This author worked for Reagan, in his presidential campaigns and in the White House, from 1979 to 1984, and so he likes to think he has a pretty good memory of that era, when Reagan was rescuing the economy, winning the Cold War, and appointing conservative judges.
His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery.
“In light of all of this violence – both actual and threatened – is Arizona a state in which people who are not Republicans are able to participate freely and fully in the democratic process?” he asked.
The translation was a giant leap ahead of earlier versions, but of particular interest were the annotations offered by the English translators, which tended to promote a more republican view of governance, as opposed to the sort of absolute monarchy that was emerging across Europe.
– Isn’t reporting hourly or regularly,but rather releasing thousands of additional votes,often in the overnight hours,that are chipping away at GOP leads 2/6 #Sayfie — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) November 8, 2018
“How do we begin to encourage a new, 21st century American consensus on behalf of democratic freedom and free markets?
The Washington Post described Oklahoma Republican Rep. Tom Cole as a “frequent defender of President Donald Trump” Saturday when he blamed House conservatives for forcing Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) to pull his American Health Care Act at the last minute.
President Donald Trump expressed frustration with Senator Joe Manchin during a trip to West Virginia on Thursday, telling voters that the so-called moderate Democrat senator was not supportive of his agenda.
Insurers threatened to raise premiums or leave the Obamacare exchanges if they no longer receive the Obamacare reimbursements for offering discounted deductibles and copayments for lower-income Americans.
He said spending time in communist China growing up also played a role in his conversion from liberal to conservative.
At the time, National Review exclusively reported that Short was leading an effort inside the Koch brothers’ organizations to take down Trump and his agenda, partly by supporting Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), who infamously helped author the Gang of Eight amnesty bill that would have given the 12 to 30 million illegal aliens in the U.S. a pathway to citizenship:
President @realDonaldTrump should invite this kid to the White House.
While it seems as though corporate America can’t get enough of Obama and Clinton alumni, what about the numerous former members of the Trump Administration who have moved on, looking to follow the Earnest/Carney/Plouffe path to big corporate jobs?
Acutely aware of the geopolitical problems we face, President Trump announced his intention to restore the strength of our military.
GOP lawmaker exits meeting and says compromise immigration bill is “a lot closer to passing than it was earlier,” because of Goodlatte defeat, passage of farm bill and backing from Trump https://t.co/FGKO95WVJx — Scott Wong (@scottwongDC) June 21, 2018
Our conservative grassroots movement Rumbo Libertad has echoed the proposal as the only effective measure not only to defend life, liberty, and private property but also as a mechanism for the people to defend their sacred honor against tyranny.
Sessions did urge the military justice system to speed up the process of Gitmo hearings, telling the conservative radio host, “By now, we should have worked through all the legal complications that the Obama administration seemed to allow to linger and never get decided, so nothing ever happened.”
Those seeking to minimise the issue often point to the Troubles — Britain’s war against terrorist Irish republicans — or even to obesity and car accidents as a means by which to diminish how life is changing due to radical Islam.
We can start with the North American Free Trade Agreement, which Trump, of course, has denounced many times—each time to the chagrin of the Journal-ists.
Establishment GOP funders are raising the alarm, according to the Associated Press:
Other Senators like Dean Heller (R-NV), Jeff Flake (R-AZ), and Roger Wicker (R-MS) are likely to face strong challenges from grassroots conservative candidates.
The Democratic legislation is due for a vote on Wednesday, one day after Trump posted his tweet about Indian tariffs.
The article claims the Senate GOP is “running out of options to stop Moore.” It details national Republican leader’s rhetoric and efforts to get Judge Moore, who resoundingly defeated their preferred candidate, appointed incumbent Sen. Luther Strange, in the September primary, to drop out of the race:
Fujimori’s party, Popular Force, promised support for Christian and conservative pro-family groups, a strong stance on national security and guerrilla warfare, and a commitment to improving conditions for laborers in agriculture and mining, two of the nation’s largest industries.
By quantifying the partisan bias of Congress over time, “by measuring the distance between each national presidential result and each year’s presidential result in the median House and Senate seats”, Wasserman shows that today the pro-GOP bias in both the House and Senate are at historic highs.
Alice Johnson Thanks Jesus Christ and President Trump for Sentence Commutation
Cruz concluded his speech by telling the young conservatives in the room to use their “megaphone.”
Patriot is the service’s dedicated conservative talk station on which Cam & Company from NRAnews.com, The Wilkow Majority, The David Webb Show, The Sean Hannity Show, The Mark Levin Show, and Patriot Tonight can also be heard.
“Virtually every top Democrat also now supports taxpayer-funded abortion right up to the moment of birth, ripping babies straight from the mother’s womb,” Trump said in Orlando, Florida.
“This generation is showing no fear in the face of liberal bias in the classroom and on their university campuses,” Patrina Mosley, FRC’s director of Life, Culture and Women’s Advocacy, told Breitbart News in a statement.
At the same time, you can’t put yourself out there as an open platform where all ideas, conservative and liberal, are welcome,” Jordan said.
She said she likes to see many of the provisions Trump is proposing for a tax reform plan.
We see Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell fretting over Mr. Trump’s supposed “excessive expectations” that Republicans who control both houses of Congress could actually perform the very simple task they have been promising voters for the past seven years.
“Just joined the #walkout of the House chamber to protest the shameful, politically-motivated GOP vote holding AG Holder in contempt,” Rep. Nadler tweeted in 2012.
“In response to Donald Trump’s recent executive order banning immigrants and refugees from predominantly Muslim countries … nearly every activist group on campus has staged events, rallies or protests, along with providing resources to help,” Cash wrote.
The New York Times recently published an article highlighting the dramatic change in the attitude about Big Tech from conservatives over the past year as Silicon Valley giants seemed to step up their censorship efforts.
Weldon, who was not physically harmed by the attack, has been engaged in conservative activism and politics throughout his time at the University of Florida.
The pledge comes following O’Keefe’s release of 119 hours of raw audio footage inside CNN’s Atlanta headquarters, where editors can be heard misrepresenting polling data and engaging in anti-conservative bias.
An urgent meeting of conservative activists and organisations to debate the party’s future; The election of the party leader by the membership at least every five years; The election of a party chairman annually; Primary selection process for all candidates; The ability for members to vote on policy at Conservative Party conference; The restoration of the role of members to speak from the floor at Conservative Party conference.
The results come as UC Berkeley prepares to host a series of conservative speakers later this month, including former Breitbart tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos, who was prevented from speaking on campus in February after Antifa activists and left-wing students rioted.
But the Times fails to account for reports that the Obama administration first sought a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court to monitor Trump associates in June 2016.
Admittedly, in the same 1970 elections, the GOP lost House seats, although only a dozen.
Pruitt predicted: “I really believe that at the end of eight years [of the Trump administration], we’re going to have better air quality, we’re going to have better water quality because we’ve invested in a partnership,”
Sir Roger is a noted expert on the philosophy of aesthetics and, unusually for academia, an avowed conservative.
House Democrats have raised more than twice as much campaign cash as their GOP rivals for a spending binge in the final stretch of the 2018 campaign, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
“I think the conservative movement has traced a similar trajectory,” he said on MSNBC, adding that “the party of Donald Trump” is associated with “exclusion, fear, and bigotry.”
Moore declared, “He has failed conservatives and must be replaced.”
“Having a young woman of color who embraces democratic socialism being able to beat the political establishment is very encouraging for a lot of progressive left organizers.”
President Donald Trump reacted to the news that the Democrats had decided to sue his presidential campaign for an illegal conspiracy with the Russians to win the 2016 election.
Public approval of President Donald Trump’s handling of the economy reached its highest points since the election of 2016 even while his overall approval rating was effectively unchanged in January.
The Judeo-Christian liberal West won.” … The president has, if not fixed intellectual differences with Mr Bannon, different predilections, including his slavish regard for the military and business elites now stocking his cabinet, whom his former adviser derides.
“DIA analysts seemed comfortable with politicization by omission.” Gentry believes that the seeds of this liberal bias were planted by former President Barack Obama under the guise of affirmative action.
It replaces a liberal arts education with pared-down workforce-development training that concentrates on “skills” corporations deem necessary for the (current) job market.
Pittsburgh Perry High School parent Jessie Ramey penned a later to Schute, lambasting her for allowing her students to use Trump’s name to supposedly intimidate and offend minority students.
To counter the allegation that it censors conservatives, Facebook plans to work with conservatives who are totally OK with their movement being censored, as long as it’s a corporate superpower doing it and not the government.
The bill fulfils the GOP’s promise to the American people to repeal and replace Obamacare and is the first of a number of steps, he said.
GOP investigators are interested in how Campbell’s experience connects with the Obama administration’s approval of the Uranium One deal, which gave Russian mining giant Rosatom control of roughly 20 percent of the U.S.’s capacity to mine uranium.
“I think the idea of proroguing parliament is utterly and totally unacceptable from any British parliamentarian or democrat.
“I think he’s going to be a tremendous Secretary of Labor,” Trump said during his press conference at the White House on Thursday afternoon, announcing his decision.
Congressman O’Rourke, you’re a Texan who’s campaigned — you campaigned all over the state in 2018 in the most conservative parts there.
Those two, particularly the second district, seem to have swung back in the GOP’s direction per recent polling, leaving the ninth district as the state’s main battleground.
A conservative commentator chided Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) on Monday for insulting House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) instead of learning from the veteran politician, but the freshman congresswoman is pushing back, vowing on social media not to let “everyday people be dismissed” by those in power.
Mr. Bernier, a conservative with libertarian free market leanings, said he voted against the bill tweeting: “Free speech is the most fundamental right we have.
Report: James Comey to Remain FBI Chief Under Trump Administration
Originally, the GOP framework planned to drop the 39.6 percent rate.
This followed a letter from McDaniel and Parscale to Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey, CEO of Twitter, urging them to address bias against conservative content on their platforms.
Schlapp added more, including an unsolicited shot at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce–part of the establishment wing of the GOP opposite President Trump’s views on trade and the economy–another sign the movement and party are moving in Trump’s direction:
Swing-voting independents are twice as likely to trust President Donald Trump’s administration than to trust the media, according to a new poll by Fox News.
Populist conservative Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) is firing back after being attacked by pro-amnesty Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC), saying the American people voted for “Donald Trump’s vision of immigration policy.”
Sen. John McCain is ill, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is keeping a low profile after seeing his saw his presidential hopes destroyed by Trump’s criticism of the 2013 disaster, and Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake is facing a very tough election race in 2018.
This month, Trump declared a national emergency at the southern border, citing widespread drug trafficking, which leads to about 70,000 dead Americans annually and increasing illegal immigration.
Immediately following CNN’s article, National Intelligence Director Clapper added fuel to the media fire about the dossier by releasing a statement saying he spoke to Trump to express “my profound dismay at the leaks that have been appearing in the press” — referring to the leaks to CNN about the classified briefing.
Even after it was revealed that these guns were used to kill a U.S. Border Patrol agent, the Obama administration was unrepentant.
Trump’s Tweet torpedoed late-afternoon hopes among Republicans that personal calls from Trump could deliver another 30 votes from wavering or hostile GOP legislators for Ryan’s bill.
As for the declaration of a national emergency to construct the wall, while many legal scholars agree that the president has the legal authority to do so, the expectation is that any such declaration would be immediately met with a legal challenge, possibly to be filed in the very liberal Ninth Circuit, where a judge would likely halt any construction of a border wall, possibly until the case made its way to the Supreme Court.
Republican senators rejected Mitch McConnell’s Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA), which many conservatives believed was too similar to the AHCA.
Advocating for a secured United States border while trying to recruit members for your conservative student group is not always easy on a college campus.
A series of articles published this week are criticizing crowdfunding platform GoFundMe for allowing conservative students to use the service to raise funds to cover security costs for their MILO events.
“I’d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!”
J Street’s financing to advocate for the deal reportedly came from the Ploughshares Fund, a group that advocates a nuclear-free world and was identified by Obama administration officials as central in helping to market the Iran nuclear deal to the news media.
A video appears to show an individual at Bentley University assaulting the president of the school’s Bentley Republicans group, Alex Christoffersen, while he was collecting signatures for his group’s petition to host conservative commentator Tomi Lahren on campus.
Bannon, who was ecstatic that Trump had not softened his message now that he was truly in the race, splashed the news across Breitbart,” he writes.
@POTUS asked me to return to DC for the Senate policy lunch w/ @LindseyGrahamSC to urge Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare.
And yet again, Obama’s comments made perfect sense, if we see that his goal was to cubbyhole the United States as just another country on the world stage, somewhere between Uganda and Uzbekistan.
So when I talk about Kanye West and the treatment he is now receiving from conservative and Republican circles, this is the lens through which I view the discussion.
As ZDNet reported after the JAR report was released by the Obama administration on the same day that they announced sanctions against Russia:
The issue concerns Sweden and the rest of Europe from a democratic perspective and is important, not least given the current elections in Sweden.”
The federal government is only open until Feb. 15 and Democrats on Capitol Hill have flatly refused to negotiate with Trump for the wall, despite some indicating openness to building a wall.
The boy, Joshua Trump, had always gone by his mother’s maiden name, but now wants it changed to his father’s last name, Berto, now that the bullying has picked up again at school.
The second is to sort of be sneaky and try to make it seem like your ideas are more conservative than they are.
John Solomon of @thehill — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2019
Poll Shows Dem Candidates Supporting Trump's Impeachment Could Help GOP in Midterms
Doubts abound about whether the GOP will manage to come together on tax reform, something they could not do with Obamacare.
Democrats had few such qualms when they passed Obamacare in 2010, which was a leap of faith.
The Ninth Circuit is so absurdly large that when it rehears a case en banc, rather than all 29 judges hearing the case, the en banccourt consists of 11 judges: the chief judge (currently a strident liberal, Sidney Thomas), plus 10 judges chosen as random.
The U.S. Senate still has to pass its own bill, and it is unclear whether the GOP-led U.S. Senate will agree with any of the radical handouts to the left that Pelosi inserted and that McCarthy exposed in his speech.
GOP Rep. King Says He Would Vote to Buy Greenland — ‘One Way to Stop the Russians’
