Many of the protesters were supporters of former prime minister Nikola Gruevski, whose conservative party won elections in December but didn't get enough votes to form a government on its own.
“Thank you Barack Obama for showing up and teaching my kids the value of giving back,” Steffen, whom I’ve never met, wrote in a post, above photos of herself and her kids with Obama.
"We've done more against ISIS in nine months than the previous administration has done during its whole administration - by far, by far," Trump said last October at a gathering of conservative activists.
"I hope he signs the bill," said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who joined other GOP leaders in selling it as a necessary compromise that represented a major concession from Democrats.
Michael Cohen's testimony reveals as much about the GOP as it does about Trump
The discussion about establishing or reaffirming, in some cases, sanctuary cities comes in the wake of President Donald Trump's controversial executive orders surrounding immigration, which have been legally challenged both times they were introduced.
For Rauner, trailing Pritzker by double-digits in recent polls, the Democrat’s property-tax controversy provided him with an attempt to rally homeowners in the traditionally GOP-leaning suburbs who have expressed growing anger at rising real-estate taxes.
Rauner said the ad wasn’t aimed at mocking same-sex marriage to gain support from social conservatives.
Maloney also wrote in that post that he was not asking Trump supporters to resign from jobs at Grubhub, contrary to the way some interpreted his original message.
As discussions continued on Tuesday, pressure from numerous quarters against full-on recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital appeared to have led to the possibility that Trump include comments in his speech that might mitigate the impact of the announcement.
He doesn't call himself @realDonaldTrump for nothing.
*Illinois GOP chair uses 100-day mark to raise money: Tim Schneider, the state’s Republican chairman, issued a fundraising email to the party faithful on Thursday noting this weekend’s symbolic milestone for the Donald Trump administration.
The announcement that the Trump administration would phase out the five-year-old Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program jeopardizes the livelihoods of tens of thousands of cooks, waiters, cashiers, salespeople and construction workers, the analysis found.
A White House official acknowledged that Trump had a bad week on judicial nominations but said the president remains undeterred in following through on a campaign promise to appoint conservative judges - a pledge that is particularly important to his political base.
Outside political groups and President Trump himself have issued threats to these transgressors -- and, in at least one case, a conservative group has actually withdrawn advertising and on-the-ground resources aiding a GOP lawmaker.
Candidates from both of the new parties say they are fiscal conservatives, and both slates promise to promote economic development and operate transparently.
Brundage did not respond to questions about the estimated cost of the Obama Presidential Center and the foundation's fundraising goal.
Jane Lubchenco, NOAA administrator under President Barack Obama, said that 90 percent of the information for weather forecasts comes from satellites.
Three of the four sitting GOP members opposed by Proft’s PAC voted for the tax hike.
"It adds additional choices so that people who can't afford insurance now will be able to purchase some form of insurance that they want, that they desire, that helps meet their needs," Cruz said Thursday at a town hall in Austin hosted by Concerned Veterans for America, a group backed by the billionaire conservative Koch brothers.
Kerry, who was also the lead negotiators for the Obama administration on the Paris climate accord, has been promoting both agreements since he left office.
Fintiklis quickly changed course after the deal closed in August, arguing that alleged mismanagement by Trump's staff and the deterioration of the Trump brand rendered keeping the property in Trump hands impossible.
But this was hardly the first time that the Trump team has appeared to confirm something it previously denied.
Billionaire Dmitry Firtash — linked to former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort — is fighting his extradition to Chicago on racketeering charges.
Republicans in office, running for office, in think tanks and other right-leaning groups should think long and hard about how they want the Trump presidency to end; it will become the defining event in their personal and political legacies.
And though they didn't prevail in the Senate — it was always a long shot, given that they were defending seats in 10 states that Trump won — they breezed in places that Trump carried two years ago, such as Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio.
The Trump administration has continually pushed for large increases to military spending.
Former President Barack Obama will be in Chicago today in a last-minute, high-profile appeal to voters on behalf of Democratic governor candidate J.B. Pritzker and the party’s other top hopefuls.
As a candidate, Trump talked often about increasing taxes on the wealthy - but he also sometimes said that the wealthy would receive a cut.
But now that this cadre of evangelical voters, those who said they overcame their discomfort with other aspects of Trump's record because of the Supreme Court, have received what they wanted - two nominations, enough to create a five-members conservative majority on the court - that doesn't mean they'll drop their support of Trump, evangelical leaders say.
Despite the research and Trump's pleas, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, said Friday that he is unlikely to add changes to health-care policy to the tax legislation, because doing so would doom its chances in the more closely divided Senate.
I went to a small liberal arts college in Michigan, Hillsdale College, and got my undergrad degree in math.
Regardless, liberal organizations are intensifying the pressure on Democratic lawmakers.
Trump is also trying to help, mainly by wooing skeptical conservatives, which he has struggled to do.
He's a 10-year-old child and, unlike President Donald Trump's other offspring, highly unlikely to advise his dad on financial or political matters.
Those groups dubbed the House bill, backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., as "Obamacare Lite," "RyanCare" or "RINOcare" - a reference to "Republican in name only," a popular conservative epithet for establishment politicians.
South Korea could also decide to refuse any discussions with Trump, kicking off a trade war between the countries.
Several officials, including Trump's senior adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner, have expressed reservations that the president is helping Biden, whom they view as his strongest opponent, according to the three people familiar with the campaign's thinking.
But Trump is considering being less engaged than in the first round of voting, when he tweeted his support and recorded a robo-call for the senator, they said - potentially turning the contest into yet another example of the frayed relationship between Trump and McConnell.
He's worked to keep the focus on state issues rather than his history of well-documented feuds with Trump, whom he called a "con-man" and a phony during the 2016 race.
At the time, a Trump spokeswoman said his campaign had "no knowledge of any of this."
“Trade sanctions are not good and it’s been bipartisan lunacy,” he said, adding that while the latest have come up under GOP President Donald Trump, then-President Jimmy Carter, a Democrat, embargoed grain sales to the former Soviet Union for invading Afghanistan.
House Speaker Paul Ryan praised the proposal and said the GOP was getting "extremely close" to finally being able to pass the stalled legislation.
Hans von Spakovsky, a senior legal fellow at the Washington-based conservative think tank the Heritage Foundation, said unless unaccompanied children can make a legal case to stay, they should be deported to discourage others from sending kids alone.
One of Trump's numerous corporate entities then enters into a letter of intent on the project.
In addition to the House Oversight Committee, two liberal-funded government watchdog groups pounced on Conway's comments, filing ethics violation complaints with OGE.
Along the way, however, the teams behind the proposed Obama Presidential Center and Tiger Woods-designed golf course revamp have struggled to ease the worries of locals.
Republicans began pushing a broad tax cut for businesses and many individuals through the Senate Finance Committee on Wednesday, a measure complicated by a late addition — repeal of the Obama health care law's requirement that Americans get insurance coverage.
As a result, Trump’s time in the White House has been bedeviled by scandal and needless screw-ups.
Why Obama is the Jon Snow of American foreign policy
The White House on Sunday scoffed at Democratic claims that voters will punish the GOP in the 2018 elections for upending former President Barack Obama's law.
Trump administration to terminate Obama's climate plan: 'The war on coal is over' »
In the past 15 years, he shifted into entertainment and conservative media, making films about Ronald Reagan and Sarah Palin and then taking a lead role at Breitbart News.
Last May, he organized a joint statement of loyalty to Trump by nine GOP House committee chairs, calling on "all Americans to support him."
After his arrest in December 2015, he taunted prosecutors, got kicked off of Twitter for harassing a female journalist, heckled Hillary Clinton from the sidewalk outside her daughter's home, gave speeches with the conservative provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos and spent countless hours livestreaming himself from his apartment.
Trump says he's 'big loser' in GOP tax plan; experts say it could save him tens of millions
He became more passionate when he insisted Trump "lied about me" and the FBI, and emphasized more than once the seriousness of Russian interference in our democratic process.
Trump, who was initially expected to stop by the PGA golf tournament hosted at the Trump National Golf Club in Virginia, made no public appearances Sunday.
The process of making legislative sausage on Capitol Hill has never been pretty, but the effort to repeal the ACA has stretched the limits of congressional norms - and given lawmakers hesitant to support the controversial GOP health proposal an excuse to back away.
These Chamberlain liberals seem to suffer the delusion that the American political realm is some sort of debating society in which good manners and the best arguments ultimately win out.
While his opinions make clear his conservative bent, supporters view him as more personable and more likely to be confirmed.
We only need $90.63 per Trump voter to get $5.71 billion dollars for his wall.
Trump Organization representatives did not respond for comment about the documents on Saturday.
Woodhouse was president of the liberal group Americans United for Change when it was targeted in a Project Veritas video released days before the 2016 election.
Barring any last-minute hitches before the county election results are certified Tuesday, Kevin Morrison, of Elk Grove Village, will advance to face Schneider, chairman of the state GOP and an ally of Gov.
Such packages could offer lower premiums but cover fewer benefits, and Democrats criticize them as undermining the consumer protections Obama's law was designed to enshrine.
And it teaches a much more profound lesson to young conservative women about political fealty than do liberal marches and women's strikes and public theater.
Trump's campaign platform made no mention of a Palestinian state, and his inner circle included allies of the West Bank settler movement.
Months later, Trump said he fired FBI Director James Comey because of the lingering investigation into Russian meddling and possible collusion with elements of Trump's campaign.
Conducted Feb. 16 through March 6, before the collapse of the GOP bill, the poll shows that 63 percent of young Americans approve of the Obama-era health care law.
"We further assess Putin and the Russian government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump."
But analysts say that North Korea's weapons program is likely too far advanced for him to be able to return to the type of sunshine policies his liberal predecessors favored.
He praised Trump for his approval of the GOP tax plan and his support for Israel, including recognizing Jerusalem as its capital.
Keep shutdown going: This is about Donald Trump and Democrats and the Mueller investigation.
Sonny Perdue, a farmer's son who built businesses in grain trading and trucking before becoming the first Republican governor of Georgia since Reconstruction, is President-elect Donald Trump's choice to lead the Agriculture Department, The Associated Press has learned.
She didn’t yet have the final cost of the three-day trip, which included meetings with Illinois’ congressional delegation and Ivanka Trump, President Donald Trump’s daughter and political adviser.
Earnest, who served for eight years under President Barack Obama, the last three as press secretary, will handle communications for United, which stumbled in its messaging in response to situations including a passenger-dragging incident and a series of mishaps involving pets, damaging the Chicago-based airline’s reputation.
They scheduled a closed-door session Monday evening to brief House GOP lawmakers on a way to pass a stopgap funding bill that could last through March 23 to buy time for progress in implementing any follow-up budget pact and, perhaps, pass immigration legislation.
Civil rights advocates say they fear changes from a Trump presidency
The CBO report Thursday creates new complications for Republicans who need to build a coalition of conservatives and moderates to vote for a single budget proposal, the first step for what the GOP hopes will be an ambitious fall of policymaking.
He still appeals, however, to more moderate GOP voters than those in Ives’ base, and moderate Republicans historically do better than conservatives statewide.
Was this the karma for all those liberals with their crazy analogy of the presidential election before and after?
“It’s unacceptable,” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, one of the few GOP lawmakers critical of Trump’s actions.
It would eliminate Obama's expansion of Medicaid and subsidies the law provides millions to reduce their insurance costs.
Meanwhile, Republicans, pressured by conservative-leaning groups to kill the whole package because they say it doesn't go far enough, took the safe route.
If you supported Obama's Iran deal, why not let him try?
President Donald Trump appeared to distance himself from the fate of House Republican candidates Sunday as he devotes his final two days before Tuesday's midterm elections to helping Senate and gubernatorial candidates.
On the flip side, if Republicans maintain control of the House and Senate, that's note only a victory for the GOP, but a validation of Trump's brand of politics and his unconventional presidency.
How many of those fulminating today about the damage done by the exposure of Israel's role in collecting intelligence on the Islamic State were similarly outraged when the Obama administration exposed Israel's role in the "Stuxnet" cyberattack on Iran's nuclear program?
And whatever happens to Bannon, there's no indication that those strains won't continue to shape Trump's agenda.
Now the museum, which opened just days before President Barack Obama left office, is being reworked to reflect the priorities of the Trump administration, an effort that probably will mean erasing part of the agency's history.
READ MORE: Mayoral candidate McCarthy backs away from Trump criticism, says Emanuel's 'not doing his job' »
And then Rahm’s boss, President Barack Obama, let Rahm come to Chicago and welcomed Bill Daley to Washington as his White House chief of staff.
"It just means that President Trump is looking out for American workers and American interests, no different than he expects other leaders would look out for their own," he said.
Don’t expect much to be accomplished, including health care initiatives — which are important to Americans, pollsters determined — except more conservative federal judges being appointed.
"He is the reason the broader progressive establishment is where it is today on immigration policy," said Ezra Levin, co-founder of Indivisible, a liberal advocacy network.
And those Trump voters who cast ballots for him for other reasons — from wanting conservatives on the Supreme Court to better trade deals — are forced to defend themselves from the paralyzing charge of bigotry.
Aside from the political differences — two-thirds of the delegation are Democrats — uncertainty about Trump's policies also has driven reticence, said Democratic Rep. Mike Quigley of Chicago, one of a handful of House members from Illinois who is skipping the festivities.
However, many members of the Tuesday Group and other corners of the House GOP fear that it goes too far and reneges on campaign promises.
Hagedorn, an evangelical Christian, spent much of the race defending his conservative beliefs.
