But while the Trump-Russia investigation grinds on, congressional Republicans would do well to find other ways to enact their agenda, mostly by working closely with GOP governors.
A vast majority of Republicans disapprove of GOP leaders in Congress
November outlook: GOP Rep. Dave Reichert's retirement gives Democrats a big opening in this district of Seattle suburbs where Clinton won in 2016.
Even lawmakers from Trump's own party expressed their disapproval of the tweets.
He went to considerable lengths to keep Daniels from breaking the hush agreement, including filing suit against her in court -- and using a senior member of Trump Organization's legal team to do so.
But under the GOP plan, his annual premium would be $14,600 since the tax credit would not offset as much of the cost.
Washington (CNN) Sen. Bernie Sanders took to the Senate floor Wednesday to condemn the suspect in the GOP baseball practice shooting whom the Vermont senator said "apparently volunteered" for his presidential campaign.
With the GOP's failure to bring its health care bill to a vote, it's becoming clearer that Trump is not actually able to put together any deal that he wants--and is derailing the GOP's legislative agenda, says Julian Zelizer
(CNN) White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer denied President Donald Trump didn't know what a key nuclear disarmament agreement with Russia's president was when the two men spoke by phone two weeks ago.
Hide Caption 19 of 55 Photos: Barack Obama's presidency Obama walks along the Great Wall of China in November 2009.
In Trump's case, the problem is less the affair allegations than the allegations of hush money and threats to keep a woman quiet.
"They are still tweaking things through," said Adam Brandon, president of the conservative group FreedomWorks.
GOP Rep. Trent Franks resigned after the House Ethics Committee opened an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment from two female former staffers.
The first year of Trump's presidency shows this is much tougher than it sounds.
"I don't think we were there yet," the GOP candidate said of the House leadership's health care bill.
A group of supplicants all desperately trying to hold on to their spots on the show by effusively praising Trump -- each one trying to take it a step further than the last.
Related: What's in the GOP's final tax plan
Trump used a similar formulation last week when he sought to exacerbate German Chancellor Angela Merkel's political woes as she faces a backlash against her refugee policies, erroneously claiming crime had risen in Germany as a result.
Moles eventually decided to check into the Trump International Hotel, and when he did, the criminal complaint states he asked the parking attendant to keep his car "secure" because it contained two firearms.
ECB president to Trump: 'We are not currency manipulators'
And the polarization in the country when combined with the GOP-led congressional redistricting process after the 2010 census makes it tough for Democrats to make major gains without winning comfortably Republican seats.
Stevens said during the Brett Kavanaugh confirmation last year there was "merit" to criticism that the Trump's nominee had demonstrated "potential bias."
There are two other important incidents on which Trump might be expected to weigh in, but on which his Twitter account has stayed quiet:
Facebook (FB)also raised eyebrows when it recently revealed that Cambridge Analytica, a data firm with ties to President Trump's campaign, may have scraped data on 87 million people.
The bill's sponsors, including conservative senator Yelena Mizulina, say the proposed law would simply bring family law into line with reforms passed last summer that loosened punishment for other minor assaults.
One side bemoaned liberal intolerance.
"They took in large numbers," Trump said.
White supremacists, Infowars conspiracy theorists and convicted criminals are running, some as viable candidates, on the GOP ticket on the state and federal level, something which would have been unheard of only a few years ago.
That phenomenon has long plagued conservatives who've had to make a choice: work within the right-wing media bubble, or cross over to the mainstream to have your ideas watered down.
I would have rather seen it out for a week or 10 days before they go to a committee and mark it up," the Iowa conservative told CNN's "New Day.
While Merkel goes hat in hand toward the Greens and liberals to cobble together some kind of coalition in the Bundestag, she will still have to deal with a huge block of right-wing voters with few allies but those to her left.
Trump, tweet about Puerto Ricans being US citizens
Also set to speak was Dan Gainor, vice president of the Media Research Center, an organization which says it exposes supposed liberal bias in media.
The group, a nonprofit, is called "United States of Care" and it immediately ANOTHER PREVIEW OF THE COMING HEALTH CARE BRAWL:, acting CMS administrator under Obama and leading defender of the Affordable Care Act during the GOP's 2017 push to gut it, unveiled a new initiative this week to build bipartisan consensus around health care policy.
Already facing an energized Democratic opposition, Republicans are now confronting the prospect of a deeply disappointed conservative base that has watched the party fall short on health care despite controlling the House, Senate and presidency.
This impulse -- to use our words carefully -- is one more thing being cravenly manipulated by the Trump administration and its right-wing media allies, who seem to take the position that if something is not literally the Holocaust, it's not all that bad.
President Donald Trump widens his search for a new national security adviser this weekend amid concerns in Washington that the forced resignation of Michael Flynn leaves the White House unprepared to face any sudden foreign policy crisis.
JUST WATCHED Trump outlines pillars of immigration plan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump outlines pillars of immigration plan 03:27
Trump heralds Clinton Foundation program in opioid speech
Ryan, like much of the GOP, has long adopted a hawkish stance toward Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin.
While cutting foreign aid has long been a target for conservatives, those proposed cuts have drawn out critics from both sides of the aisle.
But President Donald Trump declined to say whether he personally signed off on the use of the GBU-43/B MOAB, also known as the "mother of all bombs," in a strike on ISIS militants in Afghanistan.
Mitt Romney fails to secure Utah GOP nomination, will face primary
Photos: Donald Trump's rise President-elect Donald Trump has been in the spotlight for years.
Rep. Trey Gowdy says he thinks President Trump should talk with special counsel Robert Mueller: "If you have nothing to hide ... sit down and tell him what you know" https://t.co/o9VF7cWPCn https://t.co/4KxX6rdjKD — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) April 4, 2018
Members of Congress and Capitol Police rushed to help victims following Wednesday's mass shooting in Alexandria, Virginia, that appeared to target a GOP baseball practice.
All in all, the flurry of activity adds up to another set of promises kept for Trump that he can lay before his most loyal voters as he pleads with them to go to the polls in November to stave off a Democratic wave that could crimp his room to maneuver as President.
It's a streak that ended in late May, when Hua was arrested while investigating a factory that made shoes for Ivanka Trump's brand and several others, including Marc Fisher and Kendall+Kylie.
Trump's tough talk on China is about to run into hard reality
President Donald Trump's suggestion that police shouldn't be "too nice" to suspects and should stop shielding detainees' heads when guiding them into police vehicles has prompted a mixed reaction from two policing veterans.
A test would also deepen worries in South Korea and Japan, already rattled by suggestions from candidate Trump that the US should cover less of their defense and, in another violation of international norms, that they should develop their own nuclear programs.
@GOPoversight," Chaffetz tweeted.
President Donald Trump says he's not considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller, but added that his "people" are "very upset" about the counsel's decision to obtain tens of thousands of emails from the Trump transition team.
However, current GOP infighting has already pushed some Republicans to sign on to a petition that could force a floor vote on various competing immigration bills.
The House GOP bill, which was approved and moved to the Senate two weeks ago, would let states jettison that popular provision for people who have a gap in coverage.
So far, in Washington, Trump has visited a children's hospital and a couple of schools.
Trump's pardons -- and floated pardons -- to date fall into two basic categories: 1) Perceived victims of an over-aggressive and/or corrupt "deep state" and 2) Pet causes of famous people.
But House Speaker Paul Ryan rebuked Trump on that claim , agreeing with GOP Rep. Trey Gowdy's assessment that the FBI didn't do anything wrong in regards to the confidential source.
Former GOP congresswoman and presidential candidate Michele Bachmann says she is considering running for Democratic former Sen. Al Franken's Minnesota seat.
The prediction was far from what Trump said during the first presidential debate last September -- that the market was a "big, fat, ugly bubble."
During a press conference in Poland Thursday morning, US President Donald Trump said he was considering "pretty severe things" in response to North Korea's "very, very bad behavior."
How liberals should spend their Trump-gotten gains
GOP doesn't have a clue -- but Bannon does
The suit goes against traditional conservative ideas, which oppose an overreaching federal government.
Given the debacle over the failure to repeal Obamacare earlier this year, tax reform has become a must-win for the GOP and is the last chance for Trump to claim a legacy building achievement at the moment -- in his debut year in office -- when the President's power is traditionally at its apex.
Though the race remains close, it now seems likely that either Rouda or Keirstead will move on to face incumbent GOP Rep. Dana Rohrabacher in November.
Meghan McCain, whose father, GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona, is battling brain cancer.
Pompeo dodges questions on Trump's cell phone security
Had Trump specifically said all of Jerusalem was Israel's capital, many in the region feared it could have energized groups like ISIS and al Qaeda that Trump is striving to defeat.
Instead, however, it appears to be a serious piece of evidence pointing to the kind of possible Russia/Trump collusion that has been consistently denied by the President, his aides, and his supporters.
With several veteran GOP senators dealing with illnesses -- including John McCain of Arizona, Thad Cochran of Mississippi and Johnny Isakson of Georgia -- every vote is critical for GOP leaders.
Trump open to improving background checks, spokesman says
Obama pledged to work on increasing democratic participation for the rest of his post-presidential life.
"I say to the Muslims here in Dearborn, they should have more confidence in Trump," Tamer said.
Those gains may be in jeopardy under the House GOP health care bill that would replace major parts of the ACA -- known as Obamacare -- and dramatically cut federal funding for Medicaid.
Sandoval didn't back the GOP bill at the time -- the so-called "skinny bill" -- but Heller voted for that measure anyway while offering up a non-binding resolution to express support for Obamacare's Medicaid expansion.
Trump speaks to China, Japan leaders over growing North Korea threat
The barren 10 months for the GOP majority has not just dismayed the GOP's conservative base -- it has also dampened energy from an even more vital group -- the big dollar donors who bankroll campaigns.
Trump also renewed his call Thursday for 20% of teachers to be armed, a key NRA priority.
'You can dance if you want to': Chris Cumuo spars GOP Rep. over Paris withdrawal
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017
Related: Alimony will now be taxed under GOP bill
ET: "Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate.
In the context of the great Trump-Comey War of 2017-2018, Trump is alleging that Comey engaged in the latter type of leak -- that is, that Comey leaked classified information to the media, the public, or to others not cleared to receive it.
"SNL" has taken to merely mimicking Trump and his antics through Baldwin, rather than cleverly satirizing him.
The bogus story was actually in the National Enquirer, and Trump didn't quote the Enquirer when he passed along the scandalous allegation last May.
That remains the President's main hope for a major legislative triumph in his first year, following the GOP's failure to repeal or replace Obamacare.
Another lawmaker said that he was at the House gym when Trump took the podium at the White House and that every lawmaker in there -- the gym is for representatives only -- watched the President's news conference.
JUST WATCHED GOP senators ridicule Trump proposal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH GOP senators ridicule Trump proposal 01:28
These subsidies were at the center of a court battle between House Republicans and the Obama administration.
DeVos announces review of Obama-era sexual assault guidance
According to these keyboard warriors, the young men and women who survived the shooting are part of a big hoax, are liars, are mere cardboard cutouts -- "crisis actors" who roam the country l ooking for mass shootings from which to promote their anti-gun message -- all being pushed forward by the giant liberal machine that is Hillary Clinton's robot attack army.
President Donald Trump sounded very satisfied with his recent remarks on patriotism and the NFL in a dinner with conservative group leaders at the White House Monday night, according to a person who attended the event.
But hours later, the Senate decisively rejected a Republican proposal to repeal-and-replace Obamacare, a sign of the chaos expected to envelop Capitol Hill as GOP leaders work to find a plan their conference can agree to.
Judicial conservatives argued Vitter declined to answer the Brown question because she believes that judges should maintain their impartiality by declining to put forward personal opinions on particular cases.
Two liberals, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor, would have denied the request in its entirety.
Washington (CNN) A new study from the non-partisan Kaiser Family Foundation suggests the uncertainty created by Republicans' failed attempts to overhaul the Affordable Care Act -- and President Trump's repeated urgings for the Senate to keep trying -- will play a part in expected premium hikes across the country in 2018, a development that could well hand Democrats just the sort of made-for-TV attack they need to take a real run at GOP Congressional majorities next November.
Nor can Democrats stop the GOP push to repeal Obamacare using the same filibuster-avoiding budget rules Obama used to push the health reform law through Congress.
It prompted the Wall Street Journal's conservative editorial board to call for Comey's resignation, citing a "long history of apparently political decisions" that have hit both sides of the political aisle.
"I've always been conservative.
