Ohr gave a closed-door transcribed interview last August sharing details of his 2016 meetings with British ex-spy Christopher Steele, who authored the dossier later used to secure a surveillance warrant for a Trump campaign aide.
President Trump sought to settle the widespread weekend chatter over whether he’d consider pardoning himself if charged in the Russia probe – tweeting Monday that he has the “absolute right” to do so, but wouldn’t have to since he’s “done nothing wrong.”
Some conservatives also have pointed to an increasingly caustic environment on the left.
Trump, Putin discuss nuclear weapons, Mueller report
Since that time, Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield announced that they would be dropping Obamacare coverage in Wisconsin, Ohio, and Indiana due to volatility and a deteriorating individual market.
In the fast-approaching post-Mueller world of no Russian collusion, President Trump will have a big upper hand dealing with these bloviating liberal swamp creatures in the U.S. House.
Citing a “volatile” market, the nation’s second-largest health insurer announced Wednesday it plans to pull out of ObamaCare exchanges in Indiana and Wisconsin next year -- a move that fueled GOP calls on Capitol Hill to upend the law.
Even assuming extensive coverage of leaks from the investigation into his campaign, there’s big, controversial news on immigration policy, Cuba, Afghanistan, health insurance and even the hazy afterglow from the escape and survival of a group of Republican lawmakers targeted for death by a liberal zealot.
But Democrats have stumbled repeatedly in House special elections this year as they tried to make race after race a referendum on Trump.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday accepted a phone invitation from President Trump to visit the United States next month, according to the White House.
The group’s largest donor is liberal billionaire Soros, who donated more than $2 million between 2015 and 2016.
The Republican-led Senate is set to deal President Donald Trump a rebuke on his declaration of a national emergency at the Mexican border, with the only remaining question how many GOP senators will join Democrats in defying him.
Lawmakers backed the agreement though the majority in favor was accentuated by the fact that Macedonia's main conservative opposition party, VMRO-DPMNE, boycotting the session as part of a protest over the arrest of six of its lawmakers for alleged involvement in a parliament invasion last year.
"They use non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family,” Trump said in the other tweet Saturday about The Times' reporting.
Pence, standing in for President Donald Trump at the 10-nation summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Singapore and another later in the week in Papua New Guinea, told his fellow leaders that "empire and aggression have no place" in the region.
Presidents traditionally attend the dinner, but Trump signaled earlier this month that, for the third time since taking office, he would not attend the event.
Joyce's victory gives the ruling conservative coalition exactly half the seats in the House of Representatives.
"We are saying to the Trump administration, and to the Russians, we are looking carefully at every transaction you are involved with," Doggett said.
There are also now 31 states – with conservative Oklahoma being the latest – and Washington D.C. that have legalized marijuana in some form.
Since the Democratic-run House voted last month to block Trump, Senate passage would send the resolution to the White House, where it would face a certain veto.
Borges appeared largely caught in the political crossfire, considering Kasich, a failed 2016 GOP presidential candidate, refused to endorse Trump after he won the party primary, despite signing a pledge to support the eventual nominee.
But Trump has been lambasting Sessions on Twitter and in the press in July, calling him “beleaguered” and criticizing him for not investigating Clinton – even though Trump himself said after he was elected that he didn’t plan to pursue an investigation into her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.
But Trump also said that he wanted to eliminate the individual mandate, which happens to be the only fiscally conservative part of ObamaCare.
The leader of the National Rifle Association on Thursday pushed back hard against the latest efforts to enact new gun control measures in the wake of last week’s school shooting rampage in Florida, accusing liberals of exploiting the massacre “for political gain.”
President Donald Trump arrived in Tokyo early Sunday for the first stop on his 13-day tour of Asia -- and rallied U.S. troops who awaited his arrival.
Politico: “Republican senators are strongly considering adding a repeal of Obamacare’s individual mandate to a new version of their tax bill, with several key swing votes saying they’re open to the idea.
McConnell also said Trump will remain aligned with him on endorsing more mainstream GOP candidates in the 2018 midterm election.
Taking aim at Gardner and tying him to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, Hickenlooper said “right now we're represented by a senator who works to undo our progress by voting 99 percent of the time with Donald Trump and going along with Mitch McConnell's obstruction and partisan political games."
McConnell needs Trump to lay off GOP senators for long enough to try to get all these deals done.
GOP Primary - Leah Vukmir Votes: 217,023 Vote Percentage: 49.04 %
… A separate effort by the state and national Republican parties and several California GOP voters was also filed in federal court on Tuesday.
The European Union's legislature is calling for planned elections in Venezuela to be postponed until clearer democratic credentials are set up.
Flake has been one of the more outspoken critics of Trump among Republican lawmakers and in October attacked his fellow Republicans for their “complicity” in what Trump is doing.
“Both President Roosevelt and President Trump show that government leaders who are not afraid to show that they are willing to use power can be tools for peace,” the letter says.
Meetings between a private U.S. citizen and foreign official are not against the law and not necessarily inappropriate or a violation of federal regulations, but Trump, Pompeo and several GOP lawmakers say they are evidence Kerry and former Obama administration officials are trying to subvert Trump's hard line on Iran.
“There’s a number of great people I think that would be in the considerations to help us win a U.S. senate seat on the republican side in Minnesota that we haven’t held in a great number of years,” said Minnesota’s Republican Party Chair, Jennifer Carnahan.
The Judicial Crisis Network, a conservative organization that pushed for Supreme Court Justice Bret Kavanaugh's confirmation, blasted Feinstein for her statements on Monday -- disputing her contention that Republicans rushed nominees through the Senate.
Donald Trump Jr. on Tuesday responded to reports that the YouTube shooter's hateful Instagram and YouTube channels were pulled immediately after the shooting at the company's headquarters.
The GOP now has $39.9 million on hand.
The move follows Washington’s departure from the decades-old agreement that President Trump said Russia had been "violating for many years."
Bernie blunders with Obama jab - NYT: “Senator Bernie Sanders insists he hasn’t decided whether to run again for president, but a 14-hour sprint across the Deep South on Wednesday made clear that he is not only thinking about it but is already trying to remedy his most significant vulnerability in 2016: his lack of support from black voters.
Trump has also recently taken issue with NFL players not standing for the playing of the national anthem before games.
Kushner attended — and “helped plan and oversee,” according to the White House — the initial part of Trump’s first foreign trip as president in May.
FOX NEWS FIRST: Trump supports changes to gun background checks, urges 'insecure' Oprah to run in 2020
- Martha McSally, GOP primary winner for U.S. Senate seat in Arizona
It’s also a deal-killer for the GOP because agribusiness, meatpackers, restaurants and hotels say they would suffer massive job losses if their illegal workers were forced to have their identities checked through a homeland security database.
George Papadopoulos, who was a foreign policy advisor to the Trump campaign, has pleaded guilty to making a false statement to the FBI about his foreign contacts with several top Russian officials.
The California Democrat’s comments came after Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel went so far as to point the finger at President Trump amid the ongoing Smollett scandal.
Trump, by contrast, has given his tyrannical interlocutors virtually nothing.
Assistant to President Trump: What I learned from my visit to the Tree of Life Synagogue
The Daily Beast has learned that the Federal Bureau of Investigation ended its contract with Gorka just months before he joined the White House as a senior adviser to President Trump.
Trump then said in a television interview that he didn't feel "bound by a one China policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade."
North Korea’s state media did not address the two incidents as of Wednesday, but did lambaste President Trump for insulting Kim Jong Un in Trump's latest tweet against the regime.
Trump agreed with the suggestion, noting that it “makes sense” and added somewhat jokingly that “[in a one-state scenario,] the prime minister of Israel in a few years will be called Mohammed.”
GOP doubles number of female candidates - The Hill: “House Republicans have doubled the number of female candidates they have recruited to run for congressional seats this year as they seek to hold their majority and counter accusations of a gender gap with Democrats.
"I love everything about this GOP attack ad," she tweeted about one ad labeled "shallow thoughts" that shows her discussing climate change.
Grimm is challenging GOP Rep. Dan Donovan, who replaced Grimm in a 2015 special election and ran unopposed in 2016.
Poland's parliament gets back to work on Tuesday following its summer break, launching what is widely expected to be a raucous autumn of political change under the ruling nationalist-conservative Law and Justice party.
In January, Harris vowed to “oppose every nominee to an appellate court” until Trump institutes a more “fair process.”
In a separate lawsuit, GOP Senate candidate Rick Scott's team is asking a judge to throw out votes tallied by the Broward County Canvassing Board after Saturday's noon deadline, in apparent violation of state law, which requires that "[t]he canvassing board shall submit ... unofficial returns to the Department of State for each federal, statewide, state, or multicounty office or ballot measure no later than ... noon on the fourth day after any general or other election."
A Massachusetts sheriff says he’s ready to help provide President-elect Donald Trump the labor to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
But she showed a willingness to vote for higher taxes and liberal social positions as a state legislator.
For more than 60 years, liberals have been able to rely on a left-leaning Supreme Court to impose radical values on America.
Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz confirmed Tuesday that he is investigating whether FBI official Peter Strzok’s anti-Trump bias factored into the launch of the bureau’s Russia probe.
And some organizations fear a sweeping conservative-majority court opinion would lead to discrimination with the backing of government money.
Tillerson also refused to deny a report that he once referred to Trump as a “moron” for wanting a massive increase in the U.S. nuclear arsenal.
Juan Williams: GOP establishment using Trump for its own ends
Heavy government regulation – as with ObamaCare – stifles innovation.
President Trump on Monday floated the idea of pulling the security clearance of former FBI official Phil Mudd after he went on a rant on CNN over the weekend in response to the White House decision to scrap the security clearance of former CIA chief John Brennan.
Here’s a look at how Flynn – who was one of the more polarizing characters in Trump’s administration – is involved in the Russian investigation.
Bush, George W. Bush, and Donald Trump – have shifted the tides against liberals seeking to restrict religious freedom and expression, ensuring all Americans’ religious liberties are protected.
They mobilized within days of Trump’s November win, as Democratic congressional leaders urged rank-and-file members to hold media events in their districts over Christmas break to warn voters about GOP plans to end ObamaCare without a replacement.
Yavlinsky has denounced the Kremlin's policies and frequently criticized Putin, calling for more political freedoms and a more liberal economic course.
The Times added that it had compared Trump's information with those of other high-income earners and found that Trump "appears to have lost more money than nearly any other individual American taxpayer."
President Trump signed an executive order Monday issuing “hard-hitting” financial sanctions against Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and his associates.
[Average includes: Fox News: 48% Dems - 40% GOP; Quinnipiac University: 50% Dems - 41% GOP; IBD: 48% Dems - 40% GOP; USA Today/Suffolk University: 45% Dems - 39% GOP; CNN: 50% Dems - 42% GOP.]
Washington Democrats are facing a new backlash from pro-choice and liberal groups, after a party leader declared no litmus test for pro-life, 2018 House candidates.
… The soon-to-be former assistant to President Trump and director of communications for the White House Office of Public Liaison has held exploratory meetings with several high profile attorneys for potential representation, a source told The News.
Sounds good for the GOP, right?
President Trump, for instance, might discuss negotiating a treaty to end the Korean War.
OBAMA OFFICIAL MADE 'HUNDREDS OF UNMASKING REQUESTS,' GOP CHAIRMAN SAYS
When it comes to immigration, helping the poor, and the environment, liberal Catholics are far more in line with the values Pope Francis holds.
During the Obama administration, the GOP attorneys general routinely challenged policies on ObamaCare, immigration and the environment -- but filed far fewer lawsuits per year.
Primary fight could cost GOP in Minnesota - MinnPost: “In southern Minnesota’s 1st Congressional District — considered a must-win U.S. House race by both parties — Republicans and Democrats wrapped up their convention business in short order last Saturday.
Going green may be a talking point to appease the liberal base, but its consequences have grave national security and economic implications.
President Trump suggested Sunday that the recent FBI raid on personal attorney Michael Cohen has left all lawyers “deflated and concerned” and reduced attorney-client privilege to “a thing of the past.”
Judge Nap on Why GOP Should Be 'Very Happy' About Mueller Appointment
She took the podium in place of Press Secretary Sean Spicer, who was on Capitol Hill for a GOP Senate luncheon.
While a Democratic takeover of the House is not assured, it is a virtual certainty that many GOP incumbents will make this year their last on Capitol Hill.
In his race for governor, Brian Kemp -- who has been Georgia’s secretary of state since 2010 -- calls himself a “politically incorrect conservative.”
A court ruling over a kickbacks-for-contracts scheme involving the conservative Popular Party prompted a no confidence vote against Mariano Rajoy, prime minister since 2011.
In reality, it is the Democratic Party that is unwilling to hear my opinions, preferring to bully and shame Latinos into becoming liberals.
Adam Rubenstein, an assistant opinion editor with the conservative publication The Weekly Standard, called King “an embarrassment to the GOP and to America” in a piece about his endorsement.
Kortezh is rival to Trump's Beast.
The women also called for Trump’s resignation, but acknowledged that was unlikely, and pushed for a congressional probe into the allegations against the president.
“I applaud my friends and colleagues in the Senate for completing step 2 of 3 in the process,” said North Carolina GOP Rep. Mark Meadows, chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus.
He also sought the GOP presidential nomination for the 2008 election.
In another infamous message, Strzok appeared to make reference to an “insurance policy” against a Trump win.
Possible Russian interference in U.S. politics, including attempts to penetrate voting systems, has been an acute national preoccupation since the Obama administration sounded the alarm more than a year ago.
Fox Business host Scott Varney has slammed 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' town hall appearance on Fox News on Monday evening, and predicted that President Trump will win his re-election campaign if he runs against Sanders.
