Ross is only the latest high-ranking member of the Trump administration who failed to disclose ties to Russia or Russian officials.
-- Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, probably, on ads pressuring her to support, or reject, Trump's Supreme Court nominee.
Just another dishonest attempt by Donald Trump to divert attention from his own Russia problems.
That was the approach Trump himself took when he was challenged about his continual praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin during the presidential debates.
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters U.S. President Donald Trump, surrounded by business leaders and administration officials, prepares to sign a memorandum on intellectual property tariffs on high-tech goods from China, at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 22, 2018.
On Monday, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee chairman Rep. Ben Ray Luján (NM) announced that, in prioritizing economic growth, the party would now fund pro-life and anti-choice candidates in conservative districts.
Chinese State Media Threatens Donald Trump With ‘Big Sticks’ If He Pushes For A Trade War
To deal w harassment & filth spewed at GOP MOC’s in tough seats every day for 2 yrs, bc of POTUS; to bite ur lip more times you’d care to; to disagree & separate from POTUS on principle & civility in ur campaign; to lose bc of POTUS & have him piss on u. Angers me to my core.
Of course, there has never been any indication that a Republican alternative to Obamacare would move in the voters’ preferred direction.
Mitch McConnell Says Democrats Are To Blame For Election Fraud That Benefited GOP
Trump plans to roll back Obama’s reforms on U.S.-Cuba relations.
The Obama administration set those standards as part of a 2012 agreement with automakers to dramatically scale up fuel efficiency and reduce emissions from the nation’s top source of climate-changing pollution.
He cuts deal w/Dems before GOP bruises him & fails.
By waging war against renewable energy industry, the Trump administration isn’t just putting hundreds of thousands of good jobs at risk.
He wants to rally conservatives around a GOP incumbent under siege from one of the leading faces of Democratic efforts to regain control of the House of Representatives.
The former Alabama senator has a reputation as a die-hard conservative who has battled against LGBTQ rights.
[T]here’s one obvious possible culprit for the drop in Trump’s numbers: the GOP’s failed attempt to repeal Obamacare….
Trump is unlikely to astutely take charge of protecting voters’ online security.
On March 17, 2011, President Trump gave an interview with Good Morning America in which he first made his birther conspiracies a national concern.
Bush promised a "kinder, gentler" presidency than his predecessor, Ronald Reagan, but he cemented the influence of conservative Christian bigotry in his party.
It’s more likely the bill will pass along party lines in the Senate with unanimous GOP support and pass the House with the same Republicans who earlier opposed the legislation over state and local tax concerns still voting no.
“You just gave me and Anderson Cooper a huge tax break,” Tapper said, while pointing out that critics will accuse the GOP of favoring tax cuts for the wealthy over protecting social safety nets.
Some fret that the House minority leader does not present the right “face” for the Democratic Party, or that she’s too old, or that the GOP has made her toxic to many white working-class voters.
The bill, announced at the conservative American Enterprise Institute, proposed using part of the $2.1 trillion it projected generating in the first decade to lower corporate taxes by 6 percent.
Remember that time bin Laden was taken out and Barack Obama took to twitter to yell “IT WAS ME”?
Soros has been a frequent target of conspiracy theories and fear-mongering by hyper-nationalist conservatives in the U.S. and Europe, who often rely on anti-Semitic tropes when they characterize him as a shadowy figure who is encouraging mass migration and torpedoing traditional Christian culture.
In some conservative Christian circles, virginity ― particularly a woman’s virginity ― is fetishized to the point where fathers pledge to protect their daughters’ chastity with purity balls and with purity rings.
I’m very worried that the hostility whipped up by Trump and some in conservative media will result in somebody getting hurt.
From his lips to Trump’s ear.
(He reserved a hotel suite nearby, and invited young conservatives to stop by for a chat.
Both versions of the GOP effort to repeal Obamacare are deeply unpopular, the survey finds.
Crises have a way of clarifying moral issues, and I’d like to tackle one such issue on the liberal side through the lens of Professor Mark Lilla.
Cummings characterized the developments as the latest “in a string of grave national security breaches at the highest levels of the Trump Administration,” in which the White House openly defies Congress.
GOP Senator Uses Muslims In Ridiculous Argument Against Gun Control
Twenty legislative chambers were flipped from Democratic to Republican control that year, and the electoral maps drawn by the GOP-controlled legislatures entrenched Republican power over the next decade.
On the House level, Republicans are looking at strategically using Trump even in suburban districts where he’s less popular.
After Press Secretary Huckabee's tweet on Wednesday night, President Trump posted several tweets of his own to further cast a cloud of doubt over the notion that any sort of agreement had been made.
“We’re totally prepared for a very long shutdown,” Trump threatened Friday, blaming the lapse in appropriations on the unwillingness of Democrats to pass $5.7 billion in funding for his long-promised wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
President Donald Trump’s historic trip into North Korean territory over the weekend was lauded by prominent voices on the right as a bold stroke of diplomacy, one that could bring peace to the Korean Peninsula and avert military conflict with the rogue regime.
The counter-revolution of the alt-right met a strong opposition of the united left and middle/center progressivists and conservatives alike.
On Monday night, as Democrats held a marathon debate to protest GOP tactics, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) wouldn’t even promise 10 hours of public deliberation before holding a vote.
The federal government is supposed to reimburse them, but Trump stopped doing so last fall.
Schultz spoke openly about his transition from being a conservative force in talk radio to embracing progressive causes.
It’s easy to imagine the political right smearing the proposal as a Soviet-style takeover by an avowed democratic socialist.
The Washington Post via Getty Images Richard Spencer is a key intellectual leader of the alternative right, a label he coined in 2008 to describe the radical conservative movement defined by white nationalism and a fervent resistance to multiculturalism and globalism.
Trump’s claim, if true, would wipe out that margin and then some.
That applies to conservative Christians the same as it applies to Muslims, people of other faiths, and people who are religiously unaffiliated.
The writers are ending this episode with Trump positively citing Henry Ford?????
So Far, All GOP Health Proposals Would Mean More Decisions, Less Money For States
Both Corbyn now, and Sanders then, spoke to a new generation of young voters frustrated by the options that the neoliberalism of free-market capitalism was giving them, and enthused by the progressive values (and personal humility) of the men themselves.
Instead, he insisted that the Supreme Court became more conservative during his nearly 35 years there.
Haberman responded with this tweet, in which she mocked Trump for initially misspelling her name in a now-deleted tweet and suggested that her article reporting that Cohen would no longer “take a bullet” for Trump could have sparked the president’s anger:
I am a democrat for a lot of reasons but primarily because they are the party that cares about the poor and the middle class.
“Let’s face the facts ― and this is me talking, not Bernie ― [Supreme Court Justice] Clarence Thomas is black,” Ellison said, referring to Thomas’ conservative jurisprudence.
None of the 2020 Democratic presidential contenders appeared to directly condemn Trump’s apparent Trail of Tears reference.
HAPPENING NOW: I'm announcing a lawsuit against the Trump Administration for rescinding #DACA: https://t.co/JLRRpuXeV6 pic.twitter.com/H3XUcMIwyg — Xavier Becerra (@AGBecerra) September 11, 2017
Once it happened, the Majority Leader, GOP Sen. Mitch McConnell, was forced to concede that his party must now move on to other matters.
It was prompted by the actions of George Papadopoulos, a former Trump campaign adviser.
Contrariwise, in 1972, the “new left” rallied behind the candidacy of liberal U.S.
Betting on Trump’s failure is reckless.
On Wednesday night, Trump invited “Chuck and Nancy, as he’s taken to calling them, to a dinner meeting at the White House.
Mitt Romney Is Back: Utah Elects Former GOP Presidential Nominee To The Senate
The result ― one set of rules for favored insiders, and another for everyone else ― is exactly what many conservative critics of campaign finance law claim to hate about our system.
“Many Americans, including this one, believe Barack Obama’s emotional attachment to the Muslim world has hurt the USA,” O’Reilly said.
But, after his own official provided the briefing, Trump complained that the Times story referred to a White House official “who doesn’t exist.”
The more conservative measure, meanwhile, would leave them in a temporary status.
He said the current GOP-controlled House and Senate are full of “doers” who “want to do the right thing for the right reasons” and are “willing to lose their seat over it.”
President Donald Trump also backs allowing “highly trained expert teachers” to pack firearms in schools as “a deterrent” ― one of the few gun-related proposals he’s offered in the wake of the Florida shooting and one that the National Rifle Association supports.
So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump it’s not.
Rodriguez has taken Trump to task twice this week since his comments about white supremacists and neo-Nazis following Saturday’s deadly rally.
Everything is evil that is not allotted good and conservative in Hannity's head.
Most of the so-called PACs’ fundraising appeals allegedly targeted conservatives with promises to support law enforcement, oppose Planned Parenthood, advocate for pro-life policies and promote smaller government.
At the federal level, on the other hand, the new administration is escalating the drug war by undermining civil rights and rolling back much of the progress made under the Obama administration.
Later that day, the White House released a statement affirming that Trump had issued instructions “to use all appropriate emergency and other authorities to respond to the crisis caused by the opioid epidemic.”
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 22, 2018
Even as every candidate in the field scrambles to be seen as Obama-esque, the party’s left wing has begun a push to re-evaluate the record and approach of the 44th president, critiquing his foreign policy as militaristic, his antitrust enforcement as tepid and his strategy for dealing with the GOP as ineffective.
Trump’s reelection campaign soaked up more than $500,000 in less than two weeks last month selling overpriced plastic straws with a dig against “liberal paper straws.”
She also criticized him for supporting Trump’s trade policy and his tariffs on countries like China.
Virginia GOP Senate Nominee: Locking Up Hillary Clinton 'Might Just Happen'
In fact, the three separate GOP health care proposals that have emerged this year ― two in the House and the Senate one ― all would increase the uninsured number by 22 million, according to the CBO estimates.
"Above all, if the legitimacy of our democratic political systems is to be maintained, economic policy must be orientated towards promoting the interests of the many not the few; in the first place would be the citizenry, to whom the politicians are accountable.
And portions of the traditional press maintain the delusion that they can fight decades of conservative anti-press rhetoric by striving to be so “fair” to that side that they end up distorting what it believes and does.
For example, on Wednesday, when the headlines had to do with the CEO flight from Trump’s manufacturing and business councils, Trump officially terminated the Central Minors Program.
Naturally, after it was first learned that the FBI raided Manafort’s home on July 26, some journalists went back and looked at Trump’s tweets from that day and found something striking.
“We have a great criminal justice system in the country, it is the best in the world, but it’s still far from perfect.” -Jared Kushner pic.twitter.com/xrWTdBnUAb — GOP (@GOP) December 12, 2018
McConnell has already been confirming judges at a breakneck pace, but given the GOP’s slim majority in the Senate, he couldn’t really afford to lose a single Republican on those votes.
CNN: “Almost half of Americans who watched President Donald Trump’s first State of the Union address ― 48 percent― say they had a ‘very positive’ impression of the speech, down from 57 percent of speech-watchers after his first address to match Barack Obama’s rating after his first State of the Union address, according to a new CNN poll conducted by SSRS.
An anonymous Pennsylvania GOP strategist told The Washington Examiner they had a very specific complaint about Saccone: His moustache was disgusting.
President Trump’s multi-millionaire adviser thinks Americans can “buy a new car” with a $1,000 tax cut.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 19, 2019
At the very least, the decision to hire Manafort raises serious questions about Trump’s competence in vetting people brought into his inner circle.
He has pushed back against conservative administration officials who believe veterans’ health care services should be increasingly privatized.
A year after the presidential election, it’s been revealed that some members of the Trump campaign failed to disclose their meetings and contact with agents of the Russian government ― and an independent probe into the matter is still requesting new information.
Trump, who carried the state by 26 percentage points in his 2016 election, ventured to Tennessee last month to campaign for Blackburn, telling supporters that “a vote for Marsha is really a vote for me and everything that we stand for.”
Reducing taxes on the wealthy has been a longtime GOP priority.
She notes she was able to pass legislation protecting breastfeeding mothers from indecent exposure charges ― something Democrats in the state had sought to do for years ― by teaming up with a Republican legislator and by framing the bill in a conservative-friendly way.
“It’s almost as though [Trump] chose to pick people who, by their various legal opinions, have more of a desire to go backwards in jurisprudence rather than forwards,” Barber said.
With a few short months to go ahead of the Aug. 14 primary, Democrats hope that state Republicans become mired in an expensive contest for the GOP nomination.
This man doesn't believe in a democratic form of government, and now he's putting feelers out there.
Carrey has made a name for himself recently by sharing paintings that lampoon President Donald Trump, his supporters and conservatives on Twitter.
