The result could be divided markets, where healthier people buy lightly regulated plans that don’t cover much health care, lower earners get highly subsidized Obamacare — and sicker middle-class people face escalating costs for insurance with comprehensive benefits.
Erick Erickson, an evangelical blogger, said that Mr. Buttigieg’s comments about religious conservatives who support Mr. Trump suggest that he “would be O.K.
WASHINGTON — As anti-government rallies gather momentum across Iran — taking outside analysts and the Iranian government alike by surprise — President Trump and his foreign policy advisers are likely asking what they can do to support the protesters.
The language employed by the Trump administration sometimes lumps together distinct but related issues, such as the trade deficit the United States runs with China, technology transfer deals negotiated by American companies and espionage intended to advance China’s economic rise.
The ad and backlash against it among liberal and black voters in St. Louis and Kansas City perfectly encapsulated Ms. McCaskill’s challenge in a state that has substantial liberal, urban populations as well as rural and exurban swing voters who have moved toward the Republicans.
But Ms. Harris would also need to grapple with Democratic rivals who are more ideologically liberal and may try to move the debate to the left in ways that could force difficult choices for her.
President Barack Obama had lavished attention on the region, where he spent part of his childhood and which has a population of more than 620 million and a collective economy of around $2.4 trillion, the third-largest in Asia behind those of China and Japan.
So the committee’s top two senators wrote to the Trump campaign requesting copies of campaign correspondence to and from Mr. Mashburn and Mr. Dearborn.
Mr. Trump, who lived in New York City for most of his life, has routinely put down upstate New York despite finding widespread support there.
Diplomat After Trump’s Tweet Stirs Outrage
Trump Tries Cooling Tensions With Pakistan to Speed Afghan Peace Talks
I asked him about North Korea’s latest provocation, when it fired a missile over Japan; I asked about where Australia ranks in terms of North Korea’s priorities; and of course, we discussed President Trump and how he is viewed in the region.
The Post, citing letters and emails, reported that conservative leaders knew that Mr. Goodman was accused of touching an 18-year-old in 2015.
The appointment of Ms. Underwood capped the staggering and sordid fall from grace of Eric T. Schneiderman, often hailed as a liberal bulwark against the policies of President Trump.
Is This Man the Antidote to Donald Trump?
Over the last several years it has infected large portions of the public sector in what has become known as the “democratization of corruption,” as crime bosses have paid for influence in the media, political parties and the police and judiciary.
The subsequent rise of conservative talk radio, typified by superstars like Rush Limbaugh, had enormous influence and continues to attract millions of listeners a day, well into the internet era.
“Trump flew halfway around the world to meet with Kim Jong-un.
Or as John Morgan, a Florida donor who hosted the former vice-president at his home for a fund-raiser this spring, put it: “Can you see Donald Trump jogging?”
Through sheer force of will and a concerted effort to engage and educate President Trump, Mr. Rubio has made himself, in effect, a virtual secretary of state for Latin America, driving administration strategy and articulating it to the region from the Senate floor, as he did the other day, and every television camera he can find.
After 13 years, he is hoping President Trump will intervene on his behalf.
In the 1989 case of the Central Park jogger, Mr. Trump bought a full-page ad in newspapers calling for the five suspects to be given the death penalty.
On Politics: It’s Trump’s Economy
When Reagan considered closing the Council on Environmental Quality, its acting chairman, Malcolm Forbes Baldwin, wrote to the vice president and the White House chief of staff begging them to reconsider; in a major speech the same week, “A Conservative’s Program for the Environment,” Baldwin argued that it was “time for today’s conservatives explicitly to embrace environmentalism.” Environmental protection was not only good sense.
The altered landscape is going to force conservative lawmakers who have balked at tabs for past storm relief to swallow hard and rally behind a long-term recovery program.
The Trump Organization staff called the police and barred the owners’ group from entering a room containing the building’s computer servers and closed-circuit television system, The A.P.
Separately, his U.N. ambassador, Nikki Haley, said that women who have accused Mr. Trump of sexual misconduct “should be heard,” a break from the administration’s assertions that the allegations have no merit and should be dismissed.
Soon afterward, the two people said, Mr. Kelly called Ms. Duke from Asia, where he was traveling with Mr. Trump, to tell her she had made the wrong decision and to reconsider.
In hindsight, Ms. Monzur said, she should have left him immediately, but as a young bride in a conservative culture she blamed herself and chose to endure his beatings rather than face the stigma of divorce.
Those patients might have wanted to know, for example, that at the end of life, patients using conservative management were less likely to be hospitalized than dialysis patients, less apt to undergo aggressive procedures, and less likely to die in a hospital.
Intelligence agencies and outside experts agree that Russians are planning to meddle in elections this fall and beyond, but Mr. Trump and key parts of his administration are doing little to combat such meddling.
What We Learned From Trump’s Orlando Rally
Some background on why the impact has been muted: The Trump administration granted temporary waivers to Iran’s largest customers, including China, India and Japan.
Bret: The conservative answer would be that it’s an infringement on liberty to require people to purchase a product they don’t want; and that it doesn’t work.
Few Republicans, especially House members like Mr. Amash who face re-election every two years, have been willing to confront Mr. Trump publicly.
They won with an African-American Chicagoan named Barack Hussein Obama.
President Trump’s administration has sought to bolster Britain’s place in the world while offering its support for Brexit.
Slashing the rate to 20 percent is “a pretty dramatic change in the attractiveness of the United States relative to other countries,” said Alan Viard, a tax specialist at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
There’s a very long list of issues on which conservative ideas have something important to say: about whether government regulations are the best way to fight climate change; about the benefits of competition and accountability for public schools; about the breakdown in family structure; about the tensions between abortion and eugenics; about avoiding the economic sclerosis of Europe; and on and on.
The stain Trump leaves on the G.O.P.
And in Indonesia and Bangladesh, traditionally moderate Muslim politicians are adopting harder-line stances to appeal to more conservative electorates.
Was Obama too soft on Russia?
According to Mr. Rothman, conservatives are right to scrutinize the F.B.I.’s actions, but they have the wrong target in mind.
The cross-fertilization began during the Obama administration when A.E.I., which backed the Iraq war, and CAP, which opposed it, started exploring approaches to Iraq’s future.
After the first presidential debate, my mom asked me if it was true that Mr. Trump could really take away T.P.S., and I didn’t know how to respond.
Nevertheless, Mr. Barr and his deputy, Rod Rosenstein, pronounced that there was insufficient evidence that President Trump had committed that crime.
Mr. Trump has said he believes that understanding and channeling the nation’s grief is a strong suit for him as president, assuring a reporter during his campaign that empathy “will be one of the strongest things about Trump.”
But one’s account surfaced secondhand, and the witness herself immediately issued a statement that “she never experienced any type of inappropriate behavior.” The other, Thomas’s girlfriend at the time of the Hill case, offered her stories — which were mostly about general lasciviousness rather than harassment — nearly two decades later while shopping a memoir and expressing irritation with Thomas’s conservative record on the bench.
But here’s my case to conservatives who do believe in facts and democratic norms (and would rather that Miami stay above water): You are politically homeless right now.
The Trump administration believed, as many conservatives had long argued, that the Obama administration’s guidance amounted to overreach and was inconsistent with federal law.
I’m not sure how many times these last couple of years that I’ve read stories with headlines that begin “Trump Blames ...” Just fill in the blanks.
But these leaders don’t actually offer solutions to problems like Brexit or Mr. Trump’s election.
It also helped create the conditions for the 1973 coup in which a military junta overthrew Chile’s democratically elected president, Salvador Allende.
But as he raged, Republicans in the Senate were pressing steadily through angry liberal protests and Democratic perjury traps toward perhaps the most lasting impact of the Trump era: a conservative shift in the balance of the Supreme Court capable of shaping the country for a generation.
But The Washington Post now reports a spike in such passport denials to Hispanics under the Trump administration.
That changed when the Trump administration said it would expand deportation priorities to include anyone who had crossed the border illegally.
Yet to other Democrats, forcing a government shutdown in the same fashion that congressional Republicans did in President Barack Obama’s second term would be to take a considerable political risk, the legislative equivalent of the nuclear option.
Some historians think the conservative Congress that passed it was merely being cynical, offering a sop to reformers.
The Trump administration is treating it like a wholly owned subsidiary.
The night before Julián Castro delivered the keynote address at the 2012 Democratic National Convention for President Barack Obama’s re-election, he had eaten by himself at the T.G.I.
If there is anything frank and bold about this presidency, it is Mr. Trump’s ability to invent falsehoods out of fairy dust and marzipan, solely to make us afraid — of immigrants, of transgender people, of one another.
With Mr. Trump in the White House, Mr. Ryan’s strain of Republicanism is seen as a liability and an object of disdain from the party’s ultraconservative base, which prizes partisan battling over governing and regards legislative negotiating as weak capitulation.
He believes that it would benefit progressive groups, “in the interests of harmony,” for liberals to “argue their case for diversity” but that they should “tolerate difference of opinion and accept compromise.”
Poland is a democratic and sovereign state, and there is nothing bad going on here.”
But in the United States, the population of unauthorized immigrants is declining, disproving one of Mr. Trump’s core claims to power.
• Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs said of President Trump: “I don’t want to be hypocritical, either.
When Trump surprised the world by winning, the book was quickly retooled into “Big Agenda: President Trump’s Plan to Save America,” although much of it was still about how Mrs. Clinton and Democrats were the adversaries.
Texas may be considered as conservative as Alabama, but its actual demographics are much more favorable: Only 53 percent of Texas eligible voters are white (and a quarter of the whites are strong Democrats).
Mr. Trump himself has pressed at least one Republican senator to open an investigation into Fusion’s connections to Democrats, and the argument has found a receptive audience with some conservatives in Congress.
The noun at issue on Wednesday is also no novelty in the Trump administration.
Moreover, the forgery appears to have occurred twice: Olav Njolstad, the secretary of the five-member committee, said it appeared that a forged nomination of Mr. Trump for the prize was also submitted last year — and was also referred to the police.
What makes actors so liberal?
Now we have a different task: protecting the movement against conservative appropriation.
The conversations prompted concerns among senior Obama administration officials about whether the Trump transition team was flouting norms about holding off on making policy until after taking office.
On a recent visit to the country, I heard businessmen, public officials and community activists insist that Donald Trump and his wall would not intimidate aspiring migrants.
While North Korea test-fires barrages of missiles, two crucial American allies in Asia are locked in their own bitter battle, and the Trump administration is struggling with how to end the discord.
If liberalism is dead, then, it’s a strange sort of demise: Here is an ideology that has many accused sympathizers, but no champions, no defenders.
This is the story behind the relationship between Barack Obama and Joe Biden.
Passed when the Republic of Ireland was widely seen as the world’s most conservative Roman Catholic country, the Eighth Amendment has been challenged repeatedly in the decades since, both by abortion-rights groups and by an increasingly liberal citizenry angered by scandals arising from the ban.
In the process of building private communities, these companies had put on the costumes of liberal democracies.
The Nobel Peace laureate, who helped write a petition for a more democratic China but was sidelined while in prison, has been freed for cancer treatment.
The pampered son of a prime minister and nephew of another, Mr. Najib enjoyed the friendship of President Trump, who after playing golf with him in 2014 gave him a photo inscribed, “To my favorite prime minister.” Last year, Mr. Trump hosted Mr. Najib at the White House, even as the United States Department of Justice accused him of taking Malaysian state money.
The rest is supposed to look organic, bubbling up from candidates and the people they are trying to win over — an approach that Democrats say is essential to courting Trump voters, who view them as the party of coastal elites.
Of Mr. Trump’s deeds, the ones Mr. Mueller chronicled are far from the worst.
The Bidens have denied accusations raised by a conservative author, Peter Schweizer, that Mr. Biden’s younger son, Hunter, made millions from the Chinese government as his father was negotiating with Chinese officials over government issues.
So strong is support for President Trump, who remains dug in on his demand for $5.7 billion to build a border wall, that even some furloughed workers insist Ms. Capito must stick with him.
Re “Trump Won, but Lost His Agenda,” by Henry Olsen (Op-Ed, Nov. 21):
Trumpism is an all-out attack on the values that made America great.
MOSCOW — Talks are underway to arrange a second meeting between President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and President Trump on the sidelines of an Asian economic summit meeting next week in Vietnam, the Kremlin said on Friday.
In fact, the tariffs are arguably the Trumpiest thing Trump has done so far.
“Prime Minister Abe needs President Trump’s cooperation, so maybe that’s why he might have recommended him for the Peace Prize?”
Although a majority of South Koreans, especially conservative politicians and commentators, call for arming their country with nuclear weapons of its own, Mr.
And a New York Times investigation recently found that, under Mr. Trump, the Environmental Protection Agency has adopted a more lenient approach to polluters than the previous two administrations, with significant declines both in the number of overall cases filed, as well as in fines and environmental repairs.
Trump Says He Will Review Case of Soldier Charged With Murdering Afghan Man
Anarchist, communist or just liberal, they oppose fascism with militant zeal.
Those are some of the more than 80 opulent gifts Saudi Arabia gave President Trump when he visited in May.
Earlier this year, various plans to lift the Russia sanctions circulated through the Trump administration, but Mr. Trump ultimately decided not to repeal the measures.
Mr. Biden said he planned on taking North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia from President Trump in 2020.
Mr. Adams was a central figure in the republican nationalist movement throughout the three decades of violence between Catholic militants seeking a united Ireland, mainly Protestant militants who wanted to maintain Northern Ireland’s position as a part of Britain, and the British Army.
Shortly after his inauguration, Mr. Trump withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an Obama-era trade agreement with a number of Asian nations.
