Midterm Voters Will Render An Early Verdict On Trump's Presidency
But a friend-of-the-court brief filed by five law professors who disagree on the merits of the ACA said that, regardless, both the GOP states and the Justice Department are wrong to conclude that eliminating the tax penalty should result in the entire law being thrown out.
And perhaps Trump's biggest campaign promise was to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico, and that Mexico would pay for that wall.
In August, Trump tweeted that most of the protesting athletes can't even "define" what they are outraged about.
If the Trump Administration won't keep us safe, we will."
A group of ethics advocates had pushed the U.S. attorney in Manhattan to investigate foreign payments accepted by the Trump Organization.
With Sinema's victory to flip the open seat of retiring GOP Sen. Jeff Flake, she becomes the first Democrat Arizona has elected to the Senate since 1988.
That bill amounted to a partial repeal of the Affordable Care Act, also called Obamacare, eliminating the penalty for people who didn't have health insurance.
Suspicious Packages Sent To Clinton, Obama, Time Warner Center
Trump is a bigger factor in midterm preferences — positive or negative — than any other president in the last three decades, according to Pew's research.
And, she adds, "that conservative element comes along with religious beliefs" — primarily those of the Catholic Church, which regards homosexuality as a sin.
And it's sort of a nice comparison you could make to Donald Trump, who said he could shoot somebody in the middle of Manhattan and he wouldn't be hurt by it.
The biggest fights will unfold in GOP-led states where lawmakers have long argued that unions stand in the way of promising reforms because they're more interested in their dues-paying members than they are in children.
Trump Wants Justice Department To Probe Claims Of FBI Campaign Surveillance
A CBS News poll released Sunday found that 70 percent of Americans are in favor of DACA and even among Trump's supporters, a slim majority also support the program.
GOP Rep. Dent On How Refugee Ban Affects His Constituents
It's an unlikely epithet for a 26-year-old from a remote, conservative Pakistani village who sometimes wears a traditional turban.
During his confirmation hearings earlier this month, the conservative Kavanaugh, who served as a top legal aide during the George W. Bush administration and worked with independent counsel Ken Starr on the investigation into President Clinton's affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky, promised to be an independent jurist and "a team player on the Team of Nine."
Her boyfriend, longtime GOP fundraiser and NRA supporter Paul Erickson, played a prominent role in Butina's outreach to Republicans, including Donald Trump's campaign.
They can't afford to sound anything like Trump.
Has Trump done more in one month than any other president?
It is their window to pass a bill with just GOP support, and after that, the party could face a tough choice about next steps.
DAVIES: And yet there is a record, clearly, of the court under Roberts kind of pushing policy in the direction - in conservative directions on voting rights and on money and politics.
Republicans, who are supposed to be fiscal conservatives, risk being perceived as the party trying to strip people of their health care, returning the system to the status quo — and blowing a hole in the budget.
DETROW: (Laughter) But I mean, I think one big shift you saw in terms of how Trump deals with China is this issue of currency manipulation.
But conservative Republicans are far less supportive of the Paris agreement than liberal Democrats, according to the Pew Research Center.
Obama Commutes Sentence Of Ex-Army Analyst Chelsea Manning
And while Obama is clearly passionate about her top causes as first lady, like gardening with kids and meeting veterans' families, but ultimately this is a section where Obama seems most like any other politician, lapsing far more often into the policyspeak that peppered the early chapters.
In a prime-time address from the Oval Office on Tuesday night, President Trump said there is a "growing humanitarian and security crisis at our southern border."
2 Democratic Representatives From New Jersey Differ On Impeaching Trump Politics 2 Democratic Representatives From New Jersey Differ On Impeaching Trump 2 Democratic Representatives From New Jersey Differ On Impeaching Trump Audio will be available later today.
Even after he became the party's nominee, the reality for Trump was that there were a lot of traditional Republican donors who simply wouldn't support him.
SIEGEL: Now, some environmentalists are worried about what the Trump administration might mean for climate science.
Just 14% Say Repeal And Don't Replace Obamacare : NPR
Sen. Mark Warner Reacts To Reports Of Trump Trying To Fire Mueller
Aides say he feels good about his effort to support GOP candidates.
Trump Administration Faces Class Action Lawsuit Alleging Health Care Failures By ICE
Fed Expected To Raise Rates Despite Trump Attacks
A week after the plan was unveiled, the GOP majority enacted it into law.
The critics of this new policy say there's a big difference between asking for that kind of individualized scrutiny and a blanket 90-day ban that President Trump has now ordered.
Among her goals was the creation of "back-channel ties between the Russian government and the Trump campaign," as NPR reported last month.
Gillum's surprise victory for the Democratic nomination for governor of Florida sets up a race between a young, black progressive with an aspirational working-class message and DeSantis, a Republican who has staked his political career on his ties to President Trump.
Whitaker's appointment not only ejected Sessions, whom Trump never forgave for recusing himself from the Russia matter because he said it was inappropriate to investigate a campaign of which he was part.
All the same, the manifold claims about executive power appear to add up to a message to the special counsel: Trump has not and cannot do anything wrong in this context and even if he had, he has the authority to make all this go away.
In February, 18 GOP attorneys general and two GOP governors filed the suit in the federal district court in the Northern District of Texas.
NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff about Donald Trump Jr. and the ongoing Russia investigation.
GOP Health Care Bill Dies In The Senate, What's Next For Democrats?
Starting Monday, the U.S. trade office holds 7 days of hearings on President Trump's plan to add new tariffs to imports from China.
GOP lawmakers failed to come to a deal on the health care bill after a meeting with the White House on Thursday.
Polling has shown Rauner's approval ratings are even lower than President Trump's in the state, and last year the conservative National Review called him the "worst Republican governor in America."
The House bill failed last month as 30 Republicans — many of the members of the House Freedom Caucus — bucked leadership and sided with Democrats to defeat the bill after failing to get concessions on spending and a vote on a conservative immigration bill.
Taubman brings us inside meetings of the Politburo as Gorbachev pushes for democratic reform, using the near-absolute power of his office and unrivaled skills of persuasion.
They don't want their president to be vulnerable, if he goes to see President Trump at the G20, without an advanced set of agreed negotiating tactics and outcomes.
Veterans are divided on President Trump's desire for a military parade.
Mueller's mandate from the Justice Department calls for him to investigate "any links and/or coordination between the Russian government" and the Trump campaign.
In fact, the Republican leadership could have lost up to 22 GOP votes and still passed the bill.
KENYON: Well, it began in a very conservative part of Iran - in Mashhad, home to the hardline cleric who lost to Rouhani in the presidential race in May this year.
President Trump announced that the United States will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal.
Trump And NDAs A former Playboy model is suing to speak openly about her alleged affair with the president.
How they fare under the GOP health care bill going through Congress is complicated.
And because of Trump-mania, the story sat on an editor's desk for five months before it was killed.
In a statement, Kristan Hawkins of the anti-abortion rights group Students for Life called Tuesday's ruling "a travesty of justice and an insult to the democratic process."
His maneuvering delivered an early victory to Trump and to the party's conservative base.
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite.
LANGFITT: "A bit for the same reasons as some Americans voted for Trump," he told me, "to get back a bit of our national sovereignty and rediscover the pride from the time of Charles de Gaulle."
Head of the conservative thank tank American Enterprise Institute Arthur Brooks announced recently he is stepping down.
After SOTU, Lawmakers Waiting To See If Trump Will Released GOP Memo
8 Key Moments And Themes From Trump's First State Of The Union Address
Trump's people want to undo the restrictions of this Flores settlement.
"We looked at this, found nothing, and completed our work," the House committee's GOP majority can say.
Hyde-Smith faced more controversies, like a comment about making it harder for liberals to vote.
"People in the prosecution of their duties inside government take on a great burden," said Danielle Pletka of the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
Even though there are plenty of black people at the cookout who are conservative, who have conservative ideas and ideology, they're not Republican.
President Trump has continually railed against the agreement — signed in 2015 by the Obama administration along with Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia.
The liberal justices, led by Justice Sonia Sotomayor, almost immediately began peppering the Trump administration's attorney, U.S.
The Trump administration separated more than 2500 children from their parents before abandoning the policy in June.
Middle East Scholar Shares Regional Response To Trump's Jerusalem Decision
The group of U.S. businesses and trade associations represents some 30,000 companies and was formed to advocate against Trump's tariffs on metals.
As a businessman, Trump has been famous for nothing so much as his penchant for brand-building and promotion.
Ivanka Trump has called the boycott misguided and political.
Park is an icon of South Korea's conservative establishment.
David Greene talks to former EPA official Janet McCabe as President Trump is expected to formally propose a vast overhaul of climate change regulations, including rules she helped to write.
The results give credence to what election officials have been worried about since at least the summer of 2016: that the intense focus by the media and the federal government on Russia's election interference efforts could be eroding voters' confidence in democratic institutions.
The Trump administration has reversed a key policy for protecting migrating birds.
President Trump tweeted a video of himself from an old appearance on WrestleMania — he throws a man to the ground and beats him up.
Michelle Obama is a self-described "box checker," who was even meticulous about how she played with Barbie dolls when she was little.
Trump Confronts Ongoing Russia Controversy Amid Gorsuch Hearing
They were not a lot of very liberal nominees.
Trump also lags across the board with all age groups, including even older voters.
President Trump Responds To Omarosa's Book With Insults And Threats Of Legal Action
Everything seemed to be broken and wrong and misguided before Mr. Trump took the Oval Office," Brennan said.
Though village elections continued, democratic reform went no farther.
The question remains: Can the self-avowed democratic socialist (the only candidate of the 20 running comfortable identifying with the "S" word) move beyond that base and prove to the other pragmatic Democratic voters that he can beat Donald Trump — the one thing they really seem to want.
If you're a liberal, ask yourself what you would do if the circumstances were reversed.
What CBO's GOP Health Plan Forecast Means For California
Trump To Sign Order Rolling Back Another Environmental Regulation
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., who pushed for legislation last fall to ban bump stocks, said in a statement on Tuesday that she was "glad President Trump finally understands that bump stocks should be illegal" but added that he needs to support the congressional bill to do so because the ATF is unable to take that action alone.
Kaitlin Bennett, a conservative activist from Ohio who posted about #HimToo, believes #MeToo has had unfortunate side effects.
Some activists are concerned the party could nominate candidates who are too liberal just as President Trump's popularity is rising in the polls.
He is one of the most conservative senators in the GOP conference and has been an outspoken opponent of illegal immigration.
Like several of President Trump's other health policy-related announcements, today's executive order doesn't spell out specific actions, but directs the department of Health and Human Services to develop a policy and then undertake a lengthy rule-making process.
