And since Trump Jr. is not a White House employee and is represented by his own lawyer, the White House communications operation has had to take a back seat, while holding its breath for the next batch of revelations.
Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), who is not up for reelection until 2020 in a conservative state, argued that "circumstances have changed” since she voted to repeal the law in 2015 and that she “would hope” voters understand her argument.
The attorney general devoted the bulk of his remarks to highlighting a litany of actions the administration has taken on the legal front, including defending voter ID laws, settling pending lawsuits over delays in approval of nonprofit status for conservative groups by the IRS, and filing a brief at the Supreme Court in defense of a Christian baker's right to refuse to bake a wedding cake for a gay couple.
(And one longtime female GOP strategist predicted to your Huddle host that AshLee Strong, a former spokeswoman to ex-Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), would run for the seat.)
Democrat Debbie Mucarsel-Powell is expected to win her primary, facing GOP Rep. Carlos Curbelo in the general election.
New details emerged on the Trump Tower meeting with Russians, including an effort by Donald Trump Jr. to coordinate statements after the meeting became public.
At the moment, the team’s heavyweight is Trump’s pick for defense secretary, retired Gen. James Mattis, who led U.S. Central Command from 2010 to 2013.
| Ethan Miller/Getty Images 9 GOP senators ask ATF to review gun 'bump stocks'
| AP Photo/Andy Clayton-King Congress Defeated GOP congressman blames McCain's Obamacare vote for Democrats' House takeover
Ex-British PM: West needs its 'democratic mojo' back
Speaker Paul Ryan is still on the job and he's insisting he’ll lead the House GOP through Election Day.
Several GOP lawmakers came close to describing the memo's classified contents Friday, saying it describes purported abuses of the FISA—or Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act—program by Obama administration officials, mishandling of a tool to "unmask" the identities Americans swept up in intercepts and mishandling of a disputed dossier that alleged criminal ties between Trump and Russia.
Their prodding enraged House GOP leaders, who say their decision to hold back stemmed from their knowledge of how the Hill works.
She’s the most liberal of the 10 Democrats up for reelection in states Trump won.
have already discussed passing legislation expanding background checks on gun purchases, cracking down on money in politics and lobbying, as well as protecting the environment, repealing GOP tax cuts for the wealthy and expanding Obamacare.
One Republican close to the White House called it the “classic split” and said conservative activists had flooded the White House in recent weeks, after seeing increasing chatter that Trump may stay in.
The so-called "Infamous Rooftop Fundraiser" comes as the MassGOP and members of Baker’s team argue over access to donor lists, according to a Boston Globe report .
He took pains to assure attendees that the administration is embracing a conservative approach to fixing the nation's roads and bridges, drawing a contrast between former President Barack Obama's 2009 stimulus.
Many on the left declared that there is something unique to conservatives’ personalities that makes them believe ridiculous stuff.
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016
Polls show GOP health bill bleeding out
But that partnership is sure to be tested if Democrats win back the House and consider impeaching President Donald Trump.
Sen. Ted Cruz will face GOP voters for the first time since he was “booed off the stage” — as President Donald Trump put it at the time — at the 2016 Republican convention.
“It is aggravating,” Obama said, “and all of this being done without any demonstrable economic or actuarial or common-sense rationale, it frustrates.”
| J. Scott Applewhite/AP Photo Ted Cruz: ‘Vote for the Democrat’ over the GOP Nazi
It’s just the latest messaging effort by the GOP to keep the left’s most divisive ideas in the spotlight, and comes after the House held its first hearing on Medicare for All this week.
My show tries to explore these fissures within the conservative movement -- and between the left and the right more generally, with a guest list that is probably the most ideologically diverse of any podcast out there.
AMA urges withdrawal of Title X rule — We heard yesterday about the Democratic governors threatening to pull out of the Title X family planning program if the Trump administration moves forward with proposed changes that include banning abortion referrals.
Other Republicans worry that a Moore victory would embolden other conservative challenges to other incumbents.
The submission created fresh tension with Pelosi, who said the move “indicates a lack of knowledge on the part of the administration on the policy and process to pass a trade agreement” — a slap at Trump, who recently said the speaker doesn’t understand his new trade deal.
— VIA POLITICO’S NANCY SCOLA: “How a liberal think tank is driving 2020 Dems to crack down on Big Tech’’ — “Now the Open Markets Institute has become one of the most influential drivers of Democratic politics in the fight to rein in Facebook, Amazon and Google, seeing its ideas embraced by Elizabeth Warren and forcing presidential candidates like Bernie Sanders, Cory Booker and Joe Biden to take a side.” Story .
All that is to counter the expected assault and pressure from conservatives, who backed the Senate GOP’s nearly yearlong blockade of Garland but now expect Democrats to fall in line.
President Donald Trump on Wednesday applauded Pennsylvania Congressman Lou Barletta’s victory Tuesday evening in his state’s GOP Senate primary, and predicted the new nominee would best Democratic incumbent Sen. Bob Casey in November’s general election.
Priebus has an especially full portfolio in the West Wing, given that Trump and his aides are facing sprawling probes from the special counsel and congressional investigators, while also trying to muscle through a controversial Obamacare repeal bill, a tax reform package, and a $1 trillion infrastructure plan.
In fact, Crenshaw has praised the president for his policies on immigration, even recently voting in support of Trump’s declaration of a national emergency to build a border wall, a move many conservatives opposed.
Damien Schiff, who has been nominated for a seat on the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, is a lawyer with the conservative Pacific Legal Foundation who was also a prolific blogger.
The conservatives whose support he’d need to win 218 votes for speaker are opposed to a DACA deal with Democrats.
And some in the GOP are hoping Trump’s war on political correctness could mean some of these changes are rolled back.
The conservative-leaning Tax Foundation, which has been supportive of Brady's tax reform blueprint, estimates that a five-year transition would decrease the amount of money that the provision raises by $220 billion over ten years.
Meanwhile, the Russians, having no clue about American constitutional principles, may have undercut this potential defense altogether in a clumsy attempt to help Trump out.
EPA will also consider writing a far less stringent replacement for the rule, even though some conservative activists have pushed for the agency to have no climate regulation at all.
Mika is one of at least three members of the GOP baseball team who were injured in the shooting, along with House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and Zack Barth, a legislative correspondent in the office of Rep. Roger Williams (R-Texas).
-- Fox News’ “MediaBuzz”: Erin McPike … conservative commentator Gayle Trotter … former DNC communications director, Fox News contributor, and Georgetown University Institute of Politics executive director Mo Elleithee … Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry … The Hollywood Reporter TV editor Marisa Guthrie and Fox News Headlines 24/7 reporter Carley Shimkus
Still, North Korea’s government has not said anything publicly at all about a meeting with Trump, and the lack of known contact between Pyongyang and Washington about the meeting has fueled further speculation about the seriousness of Kim’s offer.
Senate Democrats are prepared to allow two of Donald Trump’s Cabinet nominees to be confirmed on the first day of his presidency.
Unlike that lawsuit or previous challenges to Obamacare's individual mandate and subsidy scheme heard by the Supreme Court, the health insurer cases don't directly threaten the law's underpinnings.
And much of the criticism of the freshman Sasse hinges on frustrated Republicans' perception that he might mount a primary challenge of his own against Trump in 2020.
While Trump began his conversation with Duterte by congratulating him on his approach to dealing with his nation’s drug problem, the two men spent the bulk of their call discussing North Korea and its dictator, Kim Jong Un.
PRESIDENT: NO MORE ELECTION SECURITY CASH, PLEASE — On the same day Trump administration officials touted their 2020 election security efforts, the White House formally opposed a House spending bill (H.R.
Bush appeared to mean business when he selected as his attorney general John Ashcroft, a favorite of religious conservatives and a longtime anti-porn crusader himself.
During the presidential campaign, Trump lambasted China and said its leaders were ripping off American workers.
In a Saturday television interview, Trump dubbed the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, a “bad guy,” and blamed former President Barack Obama for doing “nothing” about Russia.
Pinchuk, who generally advocates for closer ties between Ukraine and the West, also donated $150,000 to President Trump’s charitable foundation in exchange for a short speech Trump made to one of Pinchuk’s conferences by video in 2015.” https://wapo.st/2MmKoEi
Russia won't likely be a top agenda item when Trump visits, but it will loom over his meetings, nonetheless.
But many of the same conservatives benefitted from JBS members’ fundraising and organizing support.
Trump allies look to oust Ohio GOP chairman
Sen. Rand Paul discusses the GOP health care bill before a TV interview on Capitol Hill, Wednesday, March, 15.
“If done incorrectly, efforts that are more politically motivated than policy-focused could unintentionally undermine conservatives' ability to roll back overreaching Obama-era regulations.”
The arrangement draws not only on Hollywood’s stable of liberal-leaning celebrities — who have been used in voter registration efforts and political campaigns for years — but also on the industry’s creative expertise, which Democrats have traditionally been slower to exploit.
On Monday evening, officials with the pro-White House outside group America First Policies met with Trump adviser Jared Kushner and Ayers to discuss how they could complement the administration’s efforts to sell tax reform.
Two-thirds of respondents also don't trust Trump to negotiate with world leaders on the U.S.'s behalf, specifically Russian leader Vladimir Putin, following the G-20 summit.
Instead of highlighting their own solutions, the party is merely going to concentrate on the negative consequences of the GOP’s war on Obamacare.
But Murphy has attracted the help of Freedom Caucus Chair Mark Meadows and has also tried to claim the conservative mantle.
Last year, the GOP leader announced he would cancel two weeks of recess, though ultimately the Senate was in for just one extra week.
The "wet foot, dry foot" policy was put in place in 1995 by President Bill Clinton as a revision of a more liberal immigration policy.
That puts potentially hundreds of millions of dollars on the chopping block, and transportation advocates say the damage could extend far beyond Trump's intended targets.
GOP staffers on the Judiciary Committee did not respond to a request for comment on whether Goodlatte plans to accommodate the Democratic request.
Heitkamp took a stand as a recent poll showed her down by double-digits to her GOP challenger, and she claimed she would've "gone the other way" and backed Kavanaugh had she truly been motivated by politics.
Another reason for the stock market rise is that the United States is only part of a larger global story, one that even Trump has limited power to disrupt.
| Getty GOP repeal bill would unravel protection for sick Americans
Drew Angerer/Getty Images DOJ briefs lawmakers on classified material behind GOP’s Russia memo
But in conservative Texas, lawmakers spent much of their last legislative sessions debating how to further cut the joint state and federal health program, not expand it to tackle housing.
By creating a sweeping social program that all Americans have a stake in, and can defend through their votes, it would offer a powerful safeguard against Republicans’ anti-democratic efforts.
— TWEET OF THE DAY: Rep. @TedLieu on Trump reportedly impersonating Asian accents at a fundraiser: “Hey @realDonaldTrump & @GOP: Ever wonder why Asian American voters continue to shift towards Democrats?
Some GOP leaders have urged the national party to continue to avoid those activities to avoid alienating minority voters who often view those efforts as discriminatory.
Just days before taking the oath of office, Trump mounted a successful effort to oust a fierce intra-party critic, Ohio GOP Chairman Matt Borges.
Republicans, meanwhile, worry the same could happen to them at the top of the ticket, where GOP gubernatorial candidate John Cox has surged into second place behind Lt. Gov.
GOP leaders on the Hill say the weekly tax reform meetings with administration officials suggest that the White House and Congress will stand firm in their unity behind the jointly laid plan.
It has always been a project of an uneasy, left-right political alliance: moderate Democrats who feel traditional urban districts are failing poor, minority kids, and conservatives who emphasize the idea that free markets can be counted on more than government and unions to produce results.
But the Clintons refused to compromise on their demand for universal insurance coverage, and as the GOP campaigned to take control of Congress for the first time in 40 years, and his own shot at the 1996 presidential nomination he coveted loomed within his grasp, Dole joined forces with the firebrand House Speaker Newt Gingrich to mount the kind of relentless opposition to Clinton’s goal that would later become reflexive in the stalemated standoff of Barack Obama and Mitch McConnell.
GOP strategist John Weaver, who has worked California races and also has represented the presidential campaign of Ohio governor John Kasich, seconded Olsen’s view, tweeting that the effects of the Trump presidency have doomed any chance of resurrection.
Kushner reportedly discussed trying to set up a secret back channel to Moscow, using Russian networks, with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak during a December meeting at Trump Tower, a move former senior officials say would have been highly unusual.
Spencer Zwick, a longtime Romney adviser and political gatekeeper, said he’d been inundated with appeals from Republican candidates asking the former GOP nominee to help them.
DRIVING THE DAY — December jobs report at 8:30 a.m. expected to show a gain of 190K with unemployment unchanged at 4.1 percent and wages up 0.3 percent … ISM Non-manufacturing Survey at 10:00 a.m. expected to tick up to 57.6 from 57.4 … Factory Orders at 10:00 a.m. expected to rise 1.1 percent … President Trump departs for Camp David and a summit with GOP leadership
The announcement immediately prompted chatter on the MSNBC set about the congressional oversight likely to face the Trump White House in 2019.
— Harris is also trying to reset her campaign by being more willing to “prosecute” Trump.
A White House official added that Trump’s recent conversations with his friends and former aides are nothing new, but rather a constant of his presidency.
To some degree, Hawley’s plans have been complicated by scandal-plagued GOP Gov.
But Rasmussen is, thus far, an outlier when it comes to ratings of Trump’s job performance.
Mark Dayton has decided not to seek a third term, and there’s no clear frontrunner in the GOP primary.
Another vote probably hinges on whether GOP leadership agrees to meet a demand from the House Freedom Caucus to bring controversial immigration legislation to the floor, which many moderates Republicans oppose.
On Sunday, President Trump caved to one of those demands before the next round of negotiations even starts, undermining his own objectives for no visible gain.
After that date, the GOP will need 60 Senate votes, not 50, to overturn the 2010 health law.
Truth be told, Eastman’s policy platform is a little jarring to many voters in this district, a Republican-controlled seat that covers the largely Democratic city of Omaha and the largely GOP suburbs surrounding it.
—“Bergen County GOP slate want party to hit the eject button on Saudino” Read more here
Republican Rep. Peter King, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, said that while Trump “overreacted” by blaming Obama for wiretapping Trump Tower, there are people in the federal government who “are really committing felonies.”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has called for deliberative steps to investigate President Donald Trump and urges against rushing into impeachment proceedings.
In this new decision, the panel ruled that the remedial map violated the equal protection clause when GOP legislative leaders drew the maps with an explicit conservative bias in an effort to favor Republican candidates.” Full story.
Sen. Rand Paul (pictured) said he spoke to President Donald Trump on Tuesday morning about the impasse with GOP leaders.
Engels said Republicans in rural Logan County, where she lives, had trouble acquiring yard signs, and would-be volunteers who showed up at the county GOP office sometimes found it wasn't open.
