Orban’s supporters want a shift towards conservative values to end what they call a dominance of leftists and liberals in the arts, science and education.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump targeted AT&T on Monday, urging customers to drop the telecommunications company over its ownership of cable news network CNN in the latest salvo in his long-running criticism over its news coverage.
Earlier this week, euro zone bond yields dropped across the board, tracking a move in U.S. Treasury yields on concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's recent troubles and the implications for future policy in the world's biggest economy.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) both face a drubbing in a regional election on Oct. 28 that risks further weakening their crisis-plagued national government, polls showed on Thursday.
Brexit minister Stephen Barclay called the measures a “modest liberalisation”.
The bill repeals an Obamacare penalty on individuals who do not purchase health insurance.
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.
Trump’s accusation of bias on the part of Google comes as social media companies have suspended accounts, banned certain users and removed content as they face pressure from the U.S. Congress to police foreign propaganda and fake accounts aimed at disrupting American politics, including operations tied to Iran and Russia.
“We should soundly reject language coming out of the mouths of any of our leaders that feeds a climate of fear and hatred or normalizes racist sentiments,” Obama said in a statement posted on Twitter.
Further complicating the BOJ's work, comments from U.S. Donald Trump late last month criticising Japan's currency policy stance have raised suspicions that it may become more difficult for the BOJ to take any easing measures in the future, or even to stick to aggressive monetary stimulus.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans threatened to go ahead with a Senate panel vote on President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh on Monday unless a deal could be reached on Friday with the woman accusing him of sexual assault on how and when she will testify.
Greater calm for stocks comes as U.S. officials meet their counterparts in Beijing this week for the first face-to-face talks since U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping agreed in December to a 90-day truce in a trade war that has roiled global markets.
While still more popular than the centrist opposition around the country overall, the PiS government saw its support decline in the big cities, traditional bastions of liberalism in Poland.
The Trump administration has been pursuing a host of new trade deals with Europe, China and others as part of the Republican president’s “America First” agenda as he seeks a second term in office, but difficulties in securing final pacts have roiled financial markets.
- As the Republican Party struggles to find its footing with the next generation of voters, several conservative college groups have banded together to champion something anathema to the party: a carbon tax.
Over the past year or so, China has ramped up military drills around democratic Taiwan, including flying bombers and other military aircraft around the island.
China think tank calls for 'democratic' internet governance
* Markets await Trump speech to Congress on Tuesday
John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership in the Senate, said the party would likely not try to undo Obamacare again until it was clear there were enough votes for it.
Fox suggests this could be because teens in conservative states who want to practice safe sex have less support, both culturally and in terms of accessories like contraceptives.
Trump's resolve to impose more tariffs unless it changes its
Speaking at the Riyadh summit, Trump said the Iran was responsible for instability in the region and was funding, arming and training militias that spread destruction and chaos.
He lied!” - Trump on March 8, the day after reports that Cohen had sought a pardon after he was raided.
Senior German conservative chides party for bickering
But ideas, no matter how vigorously opposed, at some point change from being Trump’s or Barack Obama’s policies to those of the United States.
The currency of China, the world’s second biggest economy , fell 3.8 percent on a spot basis against the dollar in third quarter as the Trump administration threatened to impose more U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods.
To become law, the package would have to pass the House of Representatives, which is out of Washington until Sept. 25, and then be signed by President Donald Trump.
Last week Trump said he was replacing Mattis two months earlier than had been expected, a move officials said was driven by Trump’s anger at Mattis’ resignation letter and its rebuke of the president’s foreign policy.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) reached agreement on energy and agriculture on Saturday, but were still in dispute over healthcare during talks to form a government, more than four months after the election.
“I won’t change my stance,” said Chan, 27, acknowledging his calls for independence had angered some Hong Kong democrats who fear Beijing will crack down on all opposition groups.
While Turnbull has distanced himself from the Queensland election result, maverick coalition member George Christensen tweeted an apology to voters who switched allegiance to One Nation, blaming the federal government for not standing up for conservative values.
The U.S. State Department said it began fully implementing President Donald Trump's travel ban targeting six Muslim-majority countries on Friday, four days after the Supreme Court ruled the order could be enforced while legal appeals continue.
Mhirsi said that discussing sexually transmitted infections like HPV can be a "taboo" in conservative Muslim societies like Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
While noting Trump said at the weekend he wanted to wait until after the U.S. mid-term elections in November to agree a new NAFTA, Marquez said she would be happy to see the renegotiation concluded before taking office, if possible.
The Pentagon on Wednesdaysaid it would provide revised guidance to the U.S. military "inthe near future" after President Donald Trump announced a ban ontransgender individuals from serving in the U.S. military.
U.S. President Donald Trump threatened on Monday to hit $200 billion of Chinese imports with 10 percent tariffs if China retaliates against his previous targeting of $50 billion in import.
DUBLIN (Reuters) - Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said he was quietly confident that a strong early turnout in Ireland’s abortion referendum on Friday would favor those seeking change in what only two decades ago was one of Europe’s most socially conservative countries.
New York and Minnesota havefiled a lawsuit seeking to block the Trump administration fromcutting off federal funding for state programs that providehealthcare to hundreds of thousands of low-income people.
BERLIN, Dec 7 (Reuters) - The leader of Germany’s Social Democrats (SPD) on Thursday asked party members to give the green light for talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives to find a way out of the political impasse and leave all government options on the table.
The subpoena on Capital One, issued by the Financial Services Committee, seeks records related to the Trump Organization’s hotel business.
Former New York Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera listens as U.S. President Donald Trump speaks about administration plans to combat the nation's opioid crisis in the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., October 26, 2017.
The bank has also contracted big-name firms including Ogilvy and Federal Street Strategies, whose principals previously worked for powerful lawmakers, financial regulators or President Donald Trump, according to interviews and filings reviewed by Reuters.
The FBI had requested the materials from GSA staff last Aug. 23, asking for copies of the emails, laptops, cell phones and other materials associated with nine members of the Trump transition team response for national security and policy matters, the letter said.
Parliament Speaker John Bercow said proroguing parliament would never happen and other candidates have criticised Raab’s stance as undemocratic.
Any breakthrough in Tuesday’s talks between North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump, after years of nuclear threats, would be an economic win for Seoul and others in the region.
Why did the Trump administration want to add the question?
After initial hesitation, a growing number of Republicans in the U.S. Congress - including almost half the Ohio delegation in the House - have openly criticized President Donald Trump over his racially charged attacks on four Democratic lawmakers.
Mexico's main automotiveindustry group said on Monday U.S. content in vehicles madesouth of the border is far higher than Trump administrationofficials have argued, as Mexican auto output and exports postedrobust growth in September.
Merkel, whose conservatives bled support to the AfD in the election, turned to the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) last month after her efforts to form a coalition with the ecologist Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) failed.
Trump said on Twitter at the time that the military “cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail.”
Asked if Trump would like to come again for a state visit, Johnson said: “I would think the President would be in favor of it and looking forward to it because that was mentioned when he was over here, so if we can do that it would be, I think, a big positive.”
With tariffs, Trump essentially signaled a trade war with a tweet, again with little of the policy or diplomatic consultations that would normally precede such a step.
In April, frustrated by lack of progress on the wall, Trump ordered the National Guard to help secure the border.
Trump fired Scaramucci on Monday just over a week after naming him to the job in the latest staff upheaval to hit the Republican's six-month-old administration.
In particular, it wants its oil exports restored to the level of April 2018, before Trump reimposed sanctions.
Trump accused the Obama administration of failing to properly screen Syrian immigrants entering the United States to ensure they had no militant ties.
Commentary: Could Trump actually be good for European defense?
“The tensions between Donald Trump and the North Korean leader have frightened a lot of people, and for the first time in a long time people have realized that there’s an imminent prospect of a nuclear war starting.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department’s internal watchdog will release a long-awaited report on Thursday on the FBI’s handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe that she said contributed to her 2016 presidential election loss to Republican Donald Trump.
Trump urges Republicans to reject ex-coal exec in West Virginia U.S. Senate race
The leadership of U.S. PresidentDonald Trump is not having any impact on the German economy andBritain's looming departure from the European Union is notaffecting the mood in corporate boardrooms either, an economistat the Ifo institute said.
SPD delegates will on Sunday vote on whether party leaders should proceed to formal negotiations with the conservatives on forming a coalition government that will secure her a fourth term.
At the G20 summit in Japan last weekend, Washington and Beijing agreed to restart trade talks after U.S. President Donald Trump offered concessions.
With opinion polls putting him more than 10 points ahead of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, the conservative leader is confident an EU election next month will prove to be a springboard to winning a national vote expected by the autumn.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday he did not plan to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping before a March 1 deadline set by the two countries to achieve a trade deal.
After healthcare, the debate moderators moved on to immigration, asking Julian Castro, Obama’s former housing department head, why he broke with the administration’s former immigration chief to call for decriminalizing illegal border crossings.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices on Friday closed at their highest level in October on bullish news from strong Chinese oil imports, U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision not to certify that Iran is complying with a nuclear agreement and other tensions in the Middle East.
Trump's administration last week approved TransCanada Corp's (TRP.TO) Keystone XL pipeline, which would bring more than 800,000 barrels of heavy crude per day from Canada's oil sands to U.S. refineries and ports along the Gulf of Mexico.
Ginsburg is considered a hero by many liberals.
** U.S. president Donald Trump declared that missiles "will becoming" in Syria, taunting Russia for supporting SyrianPresident Bashar al-Assad after a suspected chemical attack onrebels.
Canyon Bridge Capital Partners, the China-backed buyout fund that was barred last week by U.S. President Donald Trump from buying a U.S. chip maker, said it would purchase British chip designer Imagination Technologies Group Plc (IMG.L).
The Canadian dollar recovered half a percent from 2-1/2 month lows on Wednesday after a media report that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is said to have urged Trump to exempt Canada from tariffs.
Man charged with threatening to kill Trump during visit to Utah
Democratic Representative Joe Courtney said in an interview impeachment “would probably be a very hard thing for the average American to swallow if we’ve got an election” looming with Trump on the ballot.
Activists land funds to fly 'Trump baby' blimp in U.S.
Trump stunned his counterparts by backing out of a joint communique agreed by Group of Seven leaders in Canada last weekend that mentioned the importance of free, fair and mutually beneficial trade.
The move followed accusations by U.S. President Donald Trump that Beijing had reneged on earlier commitments.
President Donald Trump held several meetings at the White House, trying to bridge a gap between big oil and big corn.
WUZHEN, China (Reuters) - China ranks fifth among 38 nations globally in standards of cyber governance, a top state-backed internet think tank said on Monday, calling for a ‘democratic’ internet governance system to eradicate inequalities it said marginalized developing nations.
This has allowed him to accelerate reforms requested by Western allies that would have previously have faced local opposition, such as wider labor rights and a liberalized investment code for foreign ownership.
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Sunday he hoped a letter Trump sent to Kim could pave the way for a revival of stalled nuclear talks.
All nine justices agreed in the decision written by liberal Justice Elena Kagan that the prohibition on “immoral” trademarks ran afoul of the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment right to free expression.
- Federal prosecutors reached an immunity deal with David Pecker, the chief executive of the company that publishes the National Enquirer and a key witness in their months-long investigation into payments during the 2016 campaign to two women who said they had affairs with Donald Trump.
Trump has asked his advisers about his power to pardon aides, family members and even himself in connection with the Russia probe, one of those people told the Post.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday suggested that he was
Still, the administration has maintained a loophole created by Obama for U.S. telecommunications companies to provide certain services to Cuba as they would open up the country further.
U.S. President Donald Trump warned on Tuesday that North Korea would face "fire and fury" if it threatened the United States, provoking a riposte that the North was examining a plan to fire missiles at the U.S.-held Pacific island of Guam.
Pence, a conservative Christian who was one of the driving forces behind the move, and Sisi did not discuss the Jerusalem decision during their public remarks in front of reporters.
MADRID (Reuters) - Spain’s King Felipe VI said on Tuesday he was committed to the unity of Spain as he accused Catalan leaders, who staged a banned independence referendum on Sunday, of shattering democratic principles and of dividing Catalan society.
Trump said his team of advisers was working very hard on the issue, as were Israel, Saudi Arabia and other nations.
Billionaire behind Trump impeachment ads to bankroll Democrats for House
“Donald Trump has without doubt given an order to kill me and has told the government of Colombia and the Colombian mafia to kill me,” Maduro told RIA.
Among Silicon Valley’s top tech employers, Facebook could be the most vulnerable to Trump’s expected crackdown on guest-worker visas, according to a Reuters analysis of U.S. Labor Department filings.
TAORMINA, Italy (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel pushed back on Friday against renewed criticism of Germany's trade surplus from U.S. President Donald Trump, who told EU officials Germany was "very bad" on trade and suggested it was selling too many cars in the United States.
The Times first reported on the meeting on Saturday, after which Trump Jr. issued a statement confirming that it took place, but made no mention of the Clinton aspect.
Or would the journalist or the article’s source be working an agenda to discredit a politician by piggy-backing on an existing narrative Trump’s critics are predisposed to agree with?
That has stirred modest hope in Israel that the maverick Asian leader might use his visit to announce recognition of Jerusalem as the country’s capital, as Trump did last December, outraging the Palestinians.
U.S. President Donald Trump opened the door to blacklisting people and entities doing business with North Korea, further tightening the screws on Pyongyang’s nuclear and missile programs.
@realDonaldTrump :- The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it.
The lawsuit by New York, Connecticut, Maryland and New Jersey came seven months after Trump signed the $1.5 trillion overhaul passed by the Republican-led Congress, which cut taxes for wealthy Americans and slashed the corporate tax rate.
