Ford Motor Co. will begin importing Focus compact cars from China in the second half of 2019, scrapping earlier plans to build the small-car model in Mexico amid a push by President Donald Trumpto drastically alter the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The Trump campaign filed a complaint against former White House aide Omarosa Manigault Newman, accusing her of breaching a confidentiality agreement, as the president called her a “dog” in an escalating attack.
President Trump upended the GOP when he first ran for office.
Russell Moore, Baptist Leader Who Shunned Trump, Splits the Faithful
An unusual alliance of green energy advocates and conservative free-trade organizations is clashing with U.S. solar-panel makers seeking trade tariffs on foreign rivals.
U.S. allies seeking exemptions from President Trump’s steel and aluminum tariffs are showing signs of coalescing around a common appeal: a promise to join forces with the U.S. in addressing a metal glut emanating from China.
Mr. Trump “has not risen to the mantle of the office,” the 2012 GOP presidential nominee averred in an assault on the President’s character.
Trump’s 2016 Voters Plan to Back GOP in Midterms, but Some Still Have Doubts About Him
WASHINGTON—The House voted largely along party lines Tuesday to kill an Obama-era regulation designed to curb racial discrimination in auto financing, using a newly expanded legislative tool that could allow lawmakers to roll back government rules in place for years.
But in a sign of some of the complications posed by Mr. Trump’s approach, the White House on Friday appeared to attach new conditions to Mr. Trump’s agreement to meet Mr. Kim.
Attorneys for Paul Manafort inadvertently disclosed on Tuesday that the former Trump campaign chairman gave 2016 presidential polling data to a Kiev associate U.S. officials have linked to Russian intelligence and may have discussed a Ukraine peace plan with him.
Gigot: OK. Now, let me take up this issue that Mr. Trump mentioned, the ethics officer who’s going to sign off on any domestic, new domestic deals that the Trump Organization does.
Diplomats say the crackdown has been gathering moment for more than a year as conservative Communist Party General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong cements his control.
Under current law, federal employees are set to receive a 2.1% across-the-board pay increase as well as location-based increases beginning on Jan. 1, 2019, but Mr. Trump said he is eliminating those raises.
That’s why the left is now forced to argue that Mr. Trump’s economic success is really the continuation of a trend that began under President Obama.
Democratic hopes of flipping the GOP’s 51-49 majority have dimmed as recent public polling has shown Republican candidates leading in North Dakota, Tennessee and Texas.
This week, President Donald Trump accused Google of bias against conservatives and suggested that government intervention might be necessary.
With such a narrow window, consumer and other groups are seeking to pressure specific GOP senators they see as most likely to waver.
What’s behind third-party funding of liberal state attorneys general?
But just as the American public is divided over Mr. Trump, Europe has its own deep fissures.
Many patients recently have sued their insurers over preauthorization disturbances of this sort, and Democratic Rep. Ami Bera and GOP Rep. Phil Roe have formally asked the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services...
Stephens: And Lindsey Graham owes Trump nothing and made that perfectly clear through the election and even now, so Lindsey Graham is one-third of his majority.
The Republican-controlled Senate passed a budget resolution, clearing the first major hurdle in the GOP effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Regarding Martin Feldstein’s op-ed “Tariffs Should Target Chinese Lawlessness, Not the Trade Deficit” (Dec. 28): I can’t believe the way the market jumps every time President Trump tweets about trade talks.
President Trump’s pledge to create safe zones in Syria for displaced civilians carries with it the possibility of greater U.S. military involvement in the country’s conflict, moves the Pentagon has previously rejected.
Trump administration officials have argued that a shrinking U.S. metals industry threatens defense capabilities and economic security.
Last Thursday, hundreds of newspapers nationwide simultaneously published editorials attacking Mr. Trump in the guise of promoting a free press.
Trump Criticizes ‘So-Called Judge’ Who Lifted Travel Ban
Trump’s shutdown folly has cost the GOP any last-ditch victories.
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump plans to nominate a top aide to the Senate Banking Committee chairman for a GOP opening on the Securities and Exchange Commission, the White House announced late Friday.
Trump Says He Made ‘Very Comprehensive’ Agreement With Kim Jong Un
The GOP-controlled Congress is unlikely to intervene.
Presidents of many small colleges are keeping close eyes on Washington, anxious about Trump administration policies on immigration and financial aid but cautiously hopeful about more lenient regulations.
The Republican tax legislation signed by President Donald Trump on Dec. 22 caps the amount of state and local tax deductions to $10,000, which...
Officials are looking to peel off rank-and-file Democrats from the leadership in a long-shot bid to strike a deal giving President Trump the border-wall funding he demands, as options for reopening the government narrow.
It’s a long-overdue move—one that would further unleash the economy and boost GOP election prospects.
Trump Orders Expedited Delivery of Western Water
The Trump administration said half of the 102 youngest immigrant children who were separated from their parents at the border won’t be reunited with the adults in time to meet a court-imposed deadline.
Guangzhou Automobile Group is planning to be the first Chinese auto maker to enter the U.S. market, but first it needs to ditch its “Trumpchi” brand name.
But they’ll get little help from Democrats like Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, who is cheering on Mr. Trump knowing his party will benefit from economic turmoil.
In addition to that tax bill, Republicans have rolled back regulations, confirmed a swath of conservative judges and begun ramping up spending on defense—all actions immensely pleasing to their base.
Mr. Bannon, the ex-White House strategist and Breitbart News executive, is planning to support primary challengers to GOP senators with a goal of toppling Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a lawmaker that in recent speeches he has called ineffective and insufficiently loyal to President Donald Trump.
President Donald Trump may not block critics from reading his Twitter feed, a federal judge ruled, finding that doing so violates their right to free speech.
GOP Leaders Criticize Trump’s Response to Charlottesville Violence
The First Step Act, which Mr. Trump signed last month, reduces the three-strikes penalty for drug felonies and retroactively limits...
President Trump is campaigning for a GOP congressman who aims to unseat Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, a farm state where the president is popular but his trade policies are causing unease.
Midway through the press conference after his meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, President Trump offered his basic argument for why this effort at diplomacy with Pyongyang will succeed where so many others have failed: “This is a much different time, and this is a much different president.”
The impeachment resolution accuses Mr. Rosenstein of having conflicts of interest regarding ongoing Justice Department investigations, ordering allegedly improper surveillance of Trump campaign associate Carter Page during the 2016 campaign, defying a congressional subpoena for documents and attempting to conceal certain facts from Congress.
Controversies swirled around President Trump and were stirred by him.
WASHINGTON—The search for a new Veterans Affairs chief is wide open, with President Donald Trump considering as potential nominees a former Republican congressman, a hospital executive and his White House chief of staff, John Kelly, people familiar with the matter said.
Former Secretary of State John Kerry, former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and eight other former senior national security officials said in a court filing President Donald Trump’s immigration executive order makes the U.S. less safe and could cause long term damage to U.S. interests.
University leaders are scrambling to account for students, researchers and faculty members affected by President Donald Trump’s travel ban.
Western politicians fooled themselves into thinking that the Chinese system, centrally directed and authoritarian, would in time resemble their own, open and democratic.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Wednesday he has not contemplated resigning his job and praised President Donald Trump’s foreign policy, after a report that he called Mr. Trump a ‘moron’ and nearly quit.
CRV is keeping up its staunch opposition to Donald Trump.
Robert Mueller Links Trump Campaign Aide With Russian Ex-Spy
WASHINGTON—Republicans are ratcheting up their opposition to restrictive new tariffs that President Donald Trump advanced based on national security, with GOP lawmakers threatening legislation to rein in the White House.
More significantly, periodic government calls for restricting or banning the AR-15, which has been used in some of the deadliest mass killings, sparked waves of panic gun-buying during President Barack Obama’s two terms.
SYDNEY—Australia’s prime minister, facing a rebellion within his conservative ranks, backed away from attempts to mandate emissions-reduction targets in a bid to save his leadership.
WASHINGTON—The U.S. trade deficit narrowed in December from the prior month and exceeded a half-trillion dollars for 2016 as a whole, a gap that President Donald Trump has said he wants to narrow as a path to boosting domestic economic growth.
Regarding Daniel Henninger’s “Trump 2.0 Begins” (Wonder Land, Nov. 8): Actual voter demographics paint a much more subtle picture of the great unwashed, uneducated, left-behind, white-male Trump base than commonly thought.
Trump Hits GOP Campaign Trail as He Tries to Retain Congress
— Regarding the Stormy Daniels payment, Mr. Cohen will say that Mr. Trump told him to pay the ex-porn actress alleging an affair from his home-equity line so it wouldn’t be traceable to him and then to lie to his wife about it.
One difference between President Trump and the European Union is that Mr. Trump makes mistakes on his own and off the cuff, while Brussels makes mistakes by committee after careful study.
President Donald Trump said Saturday he would know “in the first minute” whether an upcoming summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un would be a success, based on his “touch” and “feel.”
One of them, an editorial, was titled “The Cult of Trump” and accused Republicans of revolving around a man rather than ideas.
A federal jury was set to begin deliberations Thursday in the case against former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who faces 18 criminal counts alleging tax fraud, bank fraud and failing to disclose foreign bank accounts.
WASHINGTON—Late last year, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.) told a group of senior GOP lawmakers that the person they needed to watch in the Senate in 2017 was Elizabeth.
So you can’t stand Trump.
Mining executives are enthusiastic about President Donald Trump’s proposed $1 trillion infrastructure program, which some believe could boost commodity prices.
Matthew Reade’s “Conservatives Can Benefit From Liberal Colleges” (op-ed, May 25) precipitated a flashback for me to Carleton College of the late 1970s where wild-eyed liberal Paul Wellstone (later Sen. Wellstone of Minnesota) held court.
The Trump administration is putting together a package of anti-China measures, including tariffs on at least an annual $30 billion of Chinese imports, to pressure Beijing to end requirements that U.S. companies transfer technology to Chinese firms.
Bush called Mr. Trump a “blowhard,” according to “The Last Republicans,” a new book about the Bushes, and George W. Bush said the president lacks humility.
If Messrs. Rohrabacher and Baugh grab the top two slots in Tuesday’s primary, no Democrat would appear on the November ballot, keeping the seat for the GOP.
A House GOP reform would help the able-bodied get off the dole.
House GOP leaders worked to find the votes among wary Republicans for a one-month spending bill to avert a partial government shutdown this weekend, while negotiations on immigration continued amid competing visions for a deal.
Jason Furman, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Barack Obama, wrote on Twitter, “If this tweet is conveying inside information about a particularly good jobs number you should never get them in advance.”
Republican legislators said they were open to a new congressional primary and general election, citing mounting evidence of fraud in a race where the GOP candidate had previously declared victory.
WASHINGTON—President Trump said General Motors Co.’s plans to close several U.S. factories has prompted him to take a more urgent look at imposing new tariffs on imported cars.
Why one liberal professor says the world needs an investigative reporter like Seymour Hersh.
In a reversal of traditional liberal values, the left now prioritizes...
A coalition of Democratic attorneys general from 18 states and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the U.S. Education Department and Secretary Betsy DeVos for not enforcing an Obama-era rule intended to protect students and taxpayers from predatory for-profit schools.
Last week Maryland’s Democratic General Assembly overrode GOP Gov.
Main Street columnist William McGurn writes that the vulgarity and violence of the anti-Trump left may be helping to “normalize” President Trump.
BALTIMORE—The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops chose a conservative archbishop for a key post Tuesday, signaling resistance to Pope Francis’s vision for the church among the Catholic hierarchy in the U.S.
Why does Donald Trump believe Putin instead of his advisers?
“This is Donald Trump’s party,” said Pete Wehner, a friend of Mr. Ryan’s and a frequent critic of Mr. Trump.
Three organizations financed by conservative billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch are stepping up pressure on President Donald Trump over import tariffs.
Professional Republicans cracked back because the Koch network, considered conservative, made clear its support would transcend party affiliation, for example praising North Dakota’s Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp on financial deregulation.
“When the other candidates bear-hug Trump, they are essentially endorsing Governor McMaster’s conservative record,” spokeswoman Caroline Anderegg said.
AMMAN—Jordan has embarked on an overseas lobbying campaign to replace funding that the Trump administration pulled last month for an agency that supports hundreds of thousands of Palestinian refugees in the kingdom.
Senate GOP Gets Ready to Shape Tax Policy
TOKYO—President Donald Trump said he expects to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin when the two world leaders cross paths in Southeast Asia.
IRS Needs Funding for GOP Tax Overhaul, Report Says
New Jersey’s Democratic and Republican voters selected their candidates Tuesday for the November midterms, when Democrats are hoping to flip several seats in the House of Representatives and the GOP is aiming retain its majority.
Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska means the GOP, which holds 52 Senate seats, can’t afford to...
The All-Boys High School Producing GOP Bigwigs
His July 2017 vote killed ObamaCare repeal and made Democratic lies impossible to refute.
Messrs. Trump and Putin said they discussed securing Israel’s border with Syria, where Iranian-backed fighters now are based, humanitarian aid and possible cooperation between the U.S. and Russia, even as they are fighting on behalf of opposing sides in the seven-year war.
Leading polls is Fabricio Alvarado Muñoz, a former preacher and psalm singer with the evangelical National Restoration Party who has forged a union between the country’s conservative Catholics and its growing evangelical population.
